--- Page 1 ---
ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Building 
Sustainable 
Value for 
Shareholders

--- Page 2 ---
Building 
Sustainable 
Value for 
Shareholders
Our Purpose
A Better Tomorrow™ means 
Building a Smokeless World.
A Smokeless World built on 
Smokeless products where, 
ultimately, cigarettes have become 
a thing of the past.
A world where smokers have 
migrated from cigarettes to 
smokeless alternatives.
A world where Tobacco Harm 
Reduction is both understood and 
accepted.
A world where smokers make a 
switch to better.
Our 2024 Annual Report design 
reflects the key pillars of our 
Sustainability focus areas. The 
structured grid layout symbolizes 
the synergy created when these 
four critical elements come 
together, driven by the expertise 
and passion of our employees.
The Annual Report cover also 
represents our commitment in 
building sustainable value for 
our shareholders. It captures our 
sustainability approach that is 
at the forefront of our business 
and led by our people to drive 
the Company forward. As we 
continue to progress on this 
journey, we remain steadfast 
to our commitment to building 
A Better Tomorrow™ and 
deliver sustainable value for our 
shareholders.


--- Page 3 ---
INTEGRATED REPORTING APPROACH
BAT Malaysia continued its journey into Integrated 
Reporting which started in 2022. Guided by both local and 
international guidelines and frameworks, this annual report 
covers the Company’s activities between 1 January 2024 
and 31 December 2024 and strives to present balanced and 
comprehensive information to our stakeholders regarding 
our strategic process and financial performance.
This report also details our non-financial performance in 2024 
demonstrating our progress in the Tobacco Harm Reduction, 
Environmental, Social and Governance contexts, which are 
elaborated on further in our Sustainability Statement.
SCOPE AND BOUNDARIES
This report provides an overview of BAT Malaysia’s annual 
performance against key performance indicators. The scope 
includes our operations in BAT Malaysia, including our offices, 
manufacturing facilities and commercial activities.
BAT Malaysia is a publicly listed company on the Main 
Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad. We are guided 
by international integrated reporting frameworks, as well 
as the Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance (MCCG 
2021), Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (Bursa Malaysia) 
Main Market Listing Requirements (MMLR), Bursa Malaysia 
Corporate Governance Guide, the Companies Act 2016, 
the Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards (MFRS), the 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and the 
National Sustainability Reporting Framework (NSRF).
In the area of sustainability, we have developed our reporting in 
line with key sustainability reporting guidelines, such as:
• GRI Standards
• Bursa Malaysia Sustainability Reporting Guide (3
rd Edition)
• FTSE4Good requirements
• International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) IFRS S2
FEEDBACK
We welcome feedback on the report and look forward to receiving your comments/suggestions via email to bat_malaysia@bat.com.
This report is available on our corporate website at: https://www.batmalaysia.com/
The Sustainability Statement covers both British American 
Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, 
collectively known as the BAT Malaysia Group:
1. Commercial Marketers and Distributors Sdn Bhd
2. Tobacco Importers and Manufacturers Sdn Bhd
Together, the Company and its two active subsidiaries above 
form the operating companies of the BAT Malaysia Group in 
Malaysia.
References to "BAT Malaysia", the "Company", "we", "us" and 
"our" in this report refer to the BAT Malaysia Group. Such 
references are simply for convenience and are not intended to 
imply or suggest that the subsidiaries' businesses are operated 
other than as separate, distinct business. The companies in 
which British American Tobacco p.l.c. directly and indirectly 
has an interest are separate and distinct entities.
All information presented is as at 31 December 2024, unless 
otherwise stated.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This report contains certain forward-looking statements 
regarding the business and financial performance of the 
Company that will involve risk and uncertainty because they 
can be impacted by events or circumstances that may or may 
not occur in the future. Factors that can impact the results 
described in our forward-looking statements include changes in 
economic conditions, adjustments to regulatory or tax regimes.
NAVIGATIONAL ICONS
Scan to view our Annual Report 2024 microsite
Basis of this Report
Find more information inside this report
Refers readers to more information online

--- Page 4 ---
Contents
sec. 01
About Us
6 A Year at a Glance
8 Who We Are
9 Corporate Structure
10 What We Do
sec. 02
Our Leadership Statement
14 Joint Message from Our Chairman and 
Our Managing Director
sec. 03
Value Creation
18 Our Approach to Sustainability
24 How We Create Value
sec. 04
Management Discussion & Analysis
28 Our Strategic Navigator
 - Quality Growth
 - Sustainable Future
 - Dynamic Business
35 Key Relationships
37 Material Matters
39 The Risks We Consider
40 Finance Director's Review
sec. 05
Sustainability
46 Tobacco Harm Reduction
48 Environment
• Climate Change and Energy
• Circular Economy
• Water
• Our Approach To Climate Risks and Opportunities
63 Social
• People, Diversity and Culture
• Human Rights
• Employee Health and Safety
• Communities, Social Impact and Well-being
94 Governance
• Ethics and Integrity
• Responsible Marketing and Compliance
• Sustainability Governance

--- Page 5 ---
sec. 06
Our Governance
102 Board of Directors
110 Leadership Team
114 Corporate Governance Overview Statement
• Principle A:
 Board Leadership and Effectiveness
• Principle B:
 Effective Audit and Risk Management
• Principle C:
 Integrity in Corporate Reporting and Meaningful 
Relationships with Stakeholders
135 Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
143 Other Compliance Information
sec. 07
Financial Performance
146 Financial Statements
sec. 08
GRI Standards Index
226 GRI Standards Index
sec. 09
Other Information
231 Corporate Information
232 Corporate Directory
233 Analysis of Shareholdings
237 Notice of Annual General Meeting
243 Administrative Details
 Proxy Form
How We Create Value
P .24
Sustainability
P. 4 6

--- Page 6 ---


--- Page 7 ---
About Us
6 A Year at a Glance
8 Who We Are
9 Corporate Structure
10 What We Do
At BAT Malaysia, we are on a journey to transform our business. We are 
accelerating this transformation to offer alternative choices for adult 
consumers that reduce the health impact of our business, while also 
remaining deeply committed to good sustainability practices across the 
organisation. This reflects our progress toward our purpose of A Better 
Tomorrow™ and reaffirms our commitment to Building a Smokeless World.
SEC. 01


--- Page 8 ---
P.  6
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
01. About Us 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09
A Year at a Glance
Revenue
RM2,315
Million
Basic Earnings
Per Share
64.1
Sen
Net Dividend
Per Share
59
Sen
Awards and Achievements
Top Employer Award
• Top Employer in Malaysia 
for the 7th consecutive year
• Top Employer in the 
Asia Pacific and Global 
categories
1
Bursa Malaysia FTSE Russell 
ESG Ratings
• Maintained a 4-Star rating in the index 
with a FTSE4Good ESG Rating 
of 3.7 or higher
2 Malaysian Occupational Safety 
and Health Practitioners’ 
Association (MOSHPA) Award
• Diamond Award in the FMCG category
• 6 th consecutive year that 
BAT Malaysia has been 
awarded by MOSHPA
4
Graduates' Choice Award
• 2025 Graduates' Choice of 
Employer to Work for in the 
tobacco category
• No. 1 ranking in Malaysia at 
Talentbank's Graduates' Choice Award
3
Market Share of 
Legal Combustible
50.5%

--- Page 9 ---
P.  7
Annual Report 2024
A Year at a Glance
Profit Before Tax
RM252
Million
Net Profit
RM183
Million
Shareholders’ Fund
RM388
Million
Net Returns on 
Shareholders’ Fund
47 .2%
Minority Shareholders Watch 
Group (MSWG) – National 
Corporate Governance 
& Sustainability Awards 
(NACGSA)
• 1 st place in the Industry Excellence 
category for Consumer Products 
and Services
• 6 th place in the Overall Excellence 
category
7Life at Work Awards
• No. 1 ranking in 
the Technology 
for Inclusion 
category
5
GRADUAN Brand Awards
• 2 nd runner-up in the Most Preferred 
Employer in the FMCG sector
6


--- Page 10 ---
P.  8
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
01. About Us 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09
Who We Are
BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO
(MALAYSIA) BERHAD
We are Malaysia’s leading tobacco company
with over 50% share of the legal combustible market.
(Source: IPSOS Retail Audit Dec 2024)
BAT Malaysia has been listed on the Malaysian stock exchange since 1961 and has 283 employees.
Building on a proud legacy of over 100 years in Malaysia, we are committed towards Building a Smokeless 
World to create A Better Tomorrow™. This purpose drives us to reduce the health impact of our business by 
providing adult consumers with Smokeless alternatives.
Together with our subsidiaries, Commercial Marketers and Distributors Sdn Bhd and Tobacco Importers and 
Manufacturers Sdn Bhd, we currently offer high-quality vapour products such as Vuse and tobacco brands 
such as Dunhill, Peter Stuyvesant, Rothmans, KYO and Luckies.
BAT Malaysia is part of the BAT Group’s investment in Malaysia, which also includes British American 
Tobacco Asia Pacific Finance Shared Services, British American Tobacco Asia Pacific Regional Product 
Centre and British American Tobacco Global Services Delivery.


--- Page 11 ---
P.  9
Annual Report 2024
Corporate Structure
Commercial Marketers
and Distributors Sdn Bhd
(Sales, Marketing and Imports)
Tobacco Importers and 
Manufacturers Sdn Bhd
(Manufacturing and Sales)


--- Page 12 ---
P . 10
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
01. About Us 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09
What We Do
Our refined strategy is now 
embedded across the business and 
it is fundamentally built upon three 
pillars: Quality Growth, Sustainable 
Future and Dynamic Business. 
Together they form a roadmap 
which we believe will enable BAT 
Malaysia to continue to grow and 
transform sustainably, responsibly 
and successfully.
113
Years of History
in Malaysia
283
Employees
Our Purpose
Our Strategy
To build a Smokeless 
World and drive A 
Better Tomorrow™.

--- Page 13 ---
P . 11
Annual Report 2024
What We Do
At BAT Malaysia, we are more
than just the leading tobacco 
company in Malaysia.
We are recognised as a respectable corporate 
citizen and a leading employer, backed by an 
excellent track record in corporate governance 
and numerous awards for best-in-class talent 
development. We also recognise the importance 
of community development and leverage our 
position as an industry leader to create positive 
impacts and deliver long-term value
for our shareholders.

--- Page 14 ---


--- Page 15 ---
Our 
Leadership 
Statement
14 Joint Message from Our Chairman and Our Managing Director
We remain steadfast in the execution of our refined strategy in line 
with our purpose of Building a Smokeless World to create A Better 
Tomorrow™. We are transforming BAT Malaysia into a high-growth 
multicategory consumer goods company led by winning brands and 
multitalented people.
SEC. 02


--- Page 16 ---
P . 14
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
02. Our Leadership Statement01 03 04 05 06 07 08 09
Joint Message from Our Chairman
and Our Managing Director
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors, we are pleased to present
BAT Malaysia’s Annual Report and Financial Statements for the
financial year ended 31 December 2024.
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Dr. Aseh 
bin Haji Che Mat
(Chairman)
Nedal Louay
Salem
(Managing Director)


--- Page 17 ---
P . 15
Annual Report 2024
Joint Message from Our Chairman and Our Managing Director
2024 has been a pivotal year for BAT Malaysia, marked by 
resilience in overcoming challenges and seizing opportunities 
to strengthen our leadership position in the market. Despite 
external challenges, we achieved significant progress in 
delivering our purpose of building A Better Tomorrow™ and 
continuing to deliver sustainable value for shareholders.
Against a challenging operating landscape in 2024, BAT 
Malaysia recorded a revenue of RM2,315 million, an increase by 
0.2% compared to previous year. This is largely driven by the 
product portfolio strategy in place. Our profit before tax stood 
at RM252 million, with net profit at RM183 million.
As a result, the Board of Directors, declared a total net dividend 
per share of 59 sen, equivalent to a 92% total earnings payout 
for the year and a dividend yield of 7 .9% based on the average 
share price in 2024.
We remain committed to build A Better Tomorrow™ and to 
deliver sustainable value for shareholders by focusing on 
our brands. In 2024, BAT Malaysia continued to solidify its 
leadership in the premium segment by building on Dunhill, 
our flagship premium brand with 60 years of presence in 
Malaysia to maintain its leadership position in the segment. 
We also continued to build Rothmans and Luckies brands by 
reinforcing its premium cues to increase its competitiveness 
within the Value-for-Money (VFM) segment. The launch of 
Vuse Go Reload in July 2024, a rechargeable closed system 
vapour device paired with Vuse pods, also enhanced our 
vapour portfolio by offering adult consumers with additional 
product offerings.
While the tobacco black market continues to pose a challenge 
to the legal industry, stabilising at approximately 55%, we 
commend the Malaysian Government for its intensified 
enforcement action. However, macroeconomic factors such 
as inflation and reduced disposable incomes, persist in driving 
demand for smuggled products. We remain dedicated to work 
with law enforcement agencies to seek solutions to address 
the issue and support intensified enforcement efforts.
At the same time, the introduction of the Control of Smoking 
Products for Public Health Act 2024 (Act 852) and its regulations 
also included provisions to regulate both tobacco and vapour 
products. This marks a significant step by the government 
in establishing a regulatory framework for reduced-risk
*† 
products which we fully support. BAT Malaysia is committed 
to comply with implementation of the Act and its regulations.
Sustainability remains central to how we operate. In 2024, 
we retained our 4-star rating and recognition in the Bursa 
Malaysia FTSE Russell’s Environmental, Social and Governance 
(ESG) Index, reaffirming our leadership in responsible business 
practices. Our community investment flagship programme, 
Beyond Benih, continued its expansion, with additional 10 
community gardens added in 2024, making it a total of 22 
community gardens to date. This initiative has not only 
enhanced food security but also empowered the low-income 
(B40) communities by fostering downstream value generation 
and reflecting our commitment to driving meaningful social 
impact.
We are also particularly proud of being recognised as a Top 
Employer for the 7
th consecutive year in 2024 and receiving 
accolades for our hybrid working model and occupational 
safety practices. These achievements demonstrate our 
dedication to fostering an inspiring and equitable workplace 
culture.
Lastly, we extend our heartfelt appreciation to our employees 
for their unwavering dedication and resilience, and to our 
stakeholders for their trust and partnership. Together, we will 
continue to deliver sustainable value for our shareholders.
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Dr. Aseh bin Haji Che Mat
(Chairman)
Nedal Louay Salem
(Managing Director)
* Based on the weight of evidence and assuming a complete switch from cigarette smoking. These products are not risk-free and are addictive.
† Our vapour product Vuse (including Alto, Solo, Ciro, and Vibe), and certain products, including Velo, Grizzly, Kodiak, and Camel Snus, which are sold in the U.S., are 
subject to FDA regulation and no reduced-risk claims will be made as to these products without agency clearance.
Revenue
RM2,315 Million
Profit Before Tax
RM252 Million
Net Dividend Per Share
59 Sen

--- Page 18 ---


--- Page 19 ---
Value
Creation
In realising our purpose to build A Better Tomorrow™, we firmly 
uphold our strategy of steering our business beyond cigarettes by 
offering a greater choice of reduced-risk*† products, encouraging the 
migration of adult smokers from cigarettes to smokeless alternatives. 
We believe that our growth model creates value for our customers, 
builds a dynamic and purposeful workplace for our people and delivers 
sustainable superior returns to our shareholders.
SEC. 03
18 Our Approach to Sustainability
24 How We Create Value
* Based on the weight of evidence and assuming a complete switch from cigarette smoking. 
These products are not risk-free and are addictive.
† Our vapour product Vuse (including Alto, Solo, Ciro, and Vibe), and certain products, 
including Velo, Grizzly, Kodiak, and Camel Snus, which are sold in the U.S., are subject to FDA 
regulation and no reduced-risk claims will be made as to these products without agency 
clearance.


--- Page 20 ---
P . 18
03. Value Creation01 02 04 05 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Our Approach to Sustainability
Our Sustainability strategy underpins how we conduct our 
business and deliver the BAT Group’s corporate vision of 
creating A Better Tomorrow™ by Building a Smokeless World.
At the centre of this vision is the Group’s ambition to reduce 
the health impact of its business. We recognise that we must 
transform responsibly, keeping sustainability as a core part of 
our transformation strategy. We do so by striving to reduce our 
use of natural resources, enhancing the communities in which 
we operate and delivering on our climate goals.
While we align our own efforts with the BAT Group's strategy, 
our approach and priorities are aligned with the local context 
to meet the needs of our stakeholders.
In 2023, we conducted a Materiality Assessment (MA) to 
better understand our stakeholders' expectations and align 
our sustainability agenda so that we continue to create value.  
More information on our MA is available on page 38 of this 
report.
OUR STRATEGY
1
At the center of our strategy is the BAT Group’s corporate 
purpose of Building a Smokeless World to create A Better 
1  In 2024, the BAT Group refined its sustainability strategy, focusing on five impact areas: – Tobacco Harm Reduction – Climate – Nature – Circularity – Communities. 
BAT Malaysia plans to review its strategy in 2025, post a Double Materiality Assessment to understand the priorities and views of both our internal and external 
stakeholders.
* Based on the weight of evidence and assuming a complete switch from cigarette smoking. These products are not risk-free and are addictive.
† Our vapour product Vuse (including Alto, Solo, Ciro, and Vibe), and certain products, including Velo, Grizzly, Kodiak, and Camel Snus, which are sold in the U.S., are 
subject to FDA regulation and no reduced-risk claims will be made as to these products without agency clearance.
Tomorrow™. This is supported by our drive to progress across 
all other material sustainability matters.
BAT Malaysia’s sustainability strategy is built on four key pillars:
1. Reducing the health impact of our business: Championing 
adult consumer choice by ensuring access to scientifically 
substantiated reduced-risk
*† alternatives in line with the 
BAT Group’s approach to Tobacco Harm Reduction.
2. Driving excellence in environmental management: 
Reducing the impact on climate change and natural 
resources across our value chain.
3. Delivering a positive social impact: Fostering a safe and 
equitable workplace that attracts and retains great talent, 
espousing a diverse and inclusive work culture for our 
employees and contractors and supporting the well-being 
of the communities in which we operate.
4. Embracing robust corporate governance: We conduct 
our business ethically and responsibly to comply with the 
relevant laws and regulations and collaborate with relevant 
stakeholders to ensure a level playing field for the business.
While we are encouraged by the progress made in delivering 
our sustainability strategy, we remain focused on fulfilling our 
sustainability commitments and improving how we monitor 
and report our progress against our targets.
We remain focused 
on fulfilling our 
sustainability 
commitments and 
improving how we 
monitor and report 
our progress against 
our targets.

--- Page 21 ---
P . 19
Annual Report 2024
Our Approach to Sustainability
Reducing the 
HEAL TH impact of 
our business
Excellence in 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
management
Delivering a 
positive SOCIAL 
impact
Robust corporate 
GOVERNANCE
People, Diversity and Culture
Employee Health and Safety
Communities, Social Impact 
and Well-being
Ethics and Integrity
Responsible Marketing and 
Compliance
Sustainability Governance
Climate Change and Energy
Tobacco
Harm Reduction
Circular Economy
Water
Creating Value For
Consumers
Communities
Employees
Stakeholders
Human Rights

--- Page 22 ---
P.  2 0
03. Value Creation01 02 04 05 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Our Approach to Sustainability
OUR PERFORMANCE IN 2024
Key
Achieved/On track - Likely 
to meet target/ambition 
on time
Ongoing focus - Continued
progress towards target/
ambition required
Target not met/Not on track - 
Significant progress required to 
meet target/ambition on time
BAT Malaysia’s
Material Topics BAT Malaysia’s Ambitions and Targets 2024 Performance 2023 Performance Progress
Climate Change 
and Energy
50% Reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2030 
(vs. 2020 baseline)
-56% -29%
2
50% renewable energy by 2030 51% 30%
Circular Economy Replace inner foil wrapper of the Benson and Hedges 
package with recyclable paper
Implemented Implemented
New Category device take-back scheme in place Implemented Implemented
25% reduction in waste generated by 2025
(vs. 2017 baseline)
-24.5% -49%
3
90% recycling rate of waste generated by 2025 99% 83%4
Zero waste sent to landfill from direct operations 0% 0.97% 
Water 35% reduction in water withdrawn by 2025
(vs. 2017 baseline)
+43% -83%
People, Diversity 
and Culture
Aim to increase the proportion of women in 
management roles (G34 and above) to 45% by 2025
42% 36%
Aim to increase number of cross-industry hires in 
management (G34 and above) to 45% by 2025
39%* 35%
Employee Health 
and Safety
Aim to maintain zero accidents across BAT Malaysia 
business operations
0 0
Human Rights Aim for zero child labour in our tobacco supply chain No Reported
Incidents
No Reported
Incidents
Communities, 
Social Impact and 
Well-being
250,000 beneficiaries supported through Beyond Benih 
by 2026
~89,000 ~14,000
Ethics and Integrity 100% of employees completed Standards of Business 
Conduct (SoBC) training and sign-off on SoBC procedure
100% 100%
Responsible 
Marketing and 
Compliance
Zero incidents of significant non-compliance with 
marketing regulations**
0 0
Full adherence to BAT Group’s Underage Access 
Prevention (UAP) and Responsible Marketing Principles 
(RMP) Guidelines
No Reported
Incidents
No Reported
Incidents
Aim for the reduction in total black market incidence 55% 55.60%
Sustainability 
Governance
Effective management of sustainability governance to 
ensure compliance with Bursa Malaysia's MMLR
In progress to 
meet compliance 
by 31 December 
2025
Progressing
* Recruitment for roles BAT Malaysia is based on the best fit - right experience and capability. Roles maybe covered through internal promotions or lateral moves.
** Significant incident of non-compliance is defined as any incident that results in a RM5,000 and above fine or court case.
2 Retrospective Restatement: The data in 2023 Annual Report had been updated in accordance with the BAT Group’s reporting methodology to include fugitive 
emissions of 620 tCO2e which increased the Scope 1 total, leading to a lower reduction percentage.
3 Retrospective Restatement: The waste reduction percentage reported in the 2023 Annual Report has been updated to incorporate additional data on waste streams 
from all operational control sites to be in line with the BAT Group’s reporting methodology, which resulted in a lower reduction percentage.
4 Retrospect ive Restatement: The waste recycled percentage reported in the 2023 Annual Report has been updated to incorporate additional data on waste streams 
from all operational control sites in line with BAT Group's reporting methodology, which resulted in a lower recycling percentage.

--- Page 23 ---
P . 21
Annual Report 2024
Our Approach to Sustainability
OUR PERFORMANCE AGAINST BURSA MALAYSIA’S COMMON SUSTAINABILITY INDICATORS
In this report, we have included the disclosures for common sustainability indicators as required by Bursa Malaysia. We will 
continue to include these indicators within our sustainability disclosures to ensure year-on-year comparability.
The sustainability indicators and the sustainability statement reported herein were not subjected to an assurance process in 2024. 
However, we have planned to undertake internal assurance for selected indicators in 2025.
Category/Indicators 2024 2023 Notes
Anti-corruption
Percentage of employees who have received training on
anti-corruption by employee category
100% 100% Anti-corruption is part of the annual 
mandatory SoBC training covering all 
employees.
Percentage of operations assessed for corruption-related 
risks
100% 100% Our operations are evaluated through the 
risk management process.
Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 0 0
Community/Society
Total amount invested in the community where the target 
beneficiaries are external to the listed issuer
RM655,830 RM727 ,959
Total number of beneficiaries of the investment ~89,000 ~14,000
Diversity
Percentage of 
employees by 
gender and age 
group, for each 
employee category
Gender Group by Employee Category % % Management (G34 and above)
Executive (G32 - G33 and Global Graduates 
(GG)
Note: 2023 numbers have been restated 
based on the updated employee category 
definition.
Management Male 23 34
Management Female 17 16
Executive Male 44 36
Executive Female 16 14
Non-Executive/Technical Male 0 0
Non-Executive/Technical Female 0 0
General Workers Male 0 0
General Workers Female 0 0
Age Group by Employee Category % % Note: 2023 numbers have been restated 
based on the updated employee category 
definition.Management <30 10 16
Management 30-50 27 30
Management >50 3 4
Executive <30 17 14
Executive 30-50 38 32
Executive >50 5 4
Non-Executive/Technical Staff <30 0 0
Non-Executive/Technical Staff 30-50 0 0
Non-Executive/Technical Staff >50 0 0
General Workers <30 0 0
General Workers 30-50 0 0
General Workers >50 0 0

--- Page 24 ---
P . 22
03. Value Creation01 02 04 05 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Category/Indicators 2024 2023 Notes
Percentage of 
directors by gender 
and age group
By Gender % %
Male 71 71
Female 29 29
By Age Group % %
Under 30 0 0
Between 30-50 14 0
Above 50 86 100
Energy Management
Total energy consumption (Megawatt) 6,718 4,2435
Health and Safety
Number of work-related fatalities 0 0
Lost time incident rate 0 0
Number of employees trained on health and safety standards 92 92 Number of employees who underwent 
defensive driver training.
Labour Practices and Standards
Total hours 
of training by 
employee category
Total Hours 1,925 11,186 The decline in training hours from 2023 is 
primarily due to the following factors:
In 2023, GRID learning was launched for 
Executive (G32-G33 and GG) in which 
the majority of the learning pathways/
playlists were made mandatory for both 
Management (G34 and above) and
Executives.
This increased the overall learning hours 
in 2023.
In 2024, majority of the learnings were 
conducted either virtually via Microsoft 
Teams or physically.
Management 133 7 ,332
Executive 1,594 3,854
Non-Executive/Technical Staff 198 0
General Workers 0 0
Percentage of employees who are contractors or temporary 
staff
0% 4% Contractual employees are fixed-term 
employees hired under the BAT Malaysia 
payroll. We only had one contractor hired 
on a fixed term under the BAT Malaysia 
payroll compared to 2023, when we had 
4% due to interns who were hired as
fixed-term contractors.
Total number of 
employee turnovers 
by employee 
category
Management 1 11
Executive 17 46
Non-Executive/Technical Staff 36 0
General Workers 0 0
Number of substantiated complaints concerning human 
rights violations
0 0
Our Approach to Sustainability

--- Page 25 ---
P . 23
Annual Report 2024
Category/Indicators 2024 2023 Notes
Supply Chain Management
Proportion of spending on local suppliers 95% 93% Represents external suppliers that supply 
indirect materials, logistics and direct 
services.
Data Privacy and Security
Number of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 
customer privacy and losses of customer data
0 0
Water
Total volume of water used 10,164m
3 1,170m3 6 Total water withdrawn increased in 2024 
due to the addition of the new warehouse, 
which now comes under BAT Malaysia's 
operational control.
Waste Management
Total waste 
generated, with 
the following 
breakdown:
Total waste generated (tonnes) 54.81 3 7.1 3
Total waste diverted from disposal 
(tonnes)
54.44 30.66
Total waste directed to disposal 
(tonnes)
0.37 6.47
Emissions
Scope 1 emissions in tonnes of CO
2 (tCO2e) 848 1,3727
Scope 2 emissions in tonnes of CO2 (tCO2e) 0 0
Scope 3 emissions in tonnes of CO2 (tCO2e) 2,811 2,172 Scope 3 emission data is not available 
specifically for BAT (Malaysia) Berhad, as 
the BAT Group reports Scope 3 emissions 
at the country level. Furthermore, due 
to the complexity of consolidating and 
assuring Scope 3 data, the BAT Group 
reports Scope 3 a year later. Therefore, 
the figures reported here are for 2023 and 
2022 respectively due to the one-year lag.
Our Approach to Sustainability
5 Retrospective Restatement: The energy consumption reported in the 2023 Annual Report has been updated to align with the reporting scope for the sites in our 
operational control as per the BAT Group's reporting methodology.
6 Retrospective Restatement: The volume of the water used reported in the 2023 Annual Report has been updated to align with the reporting scope for the sites in our 
operational control as per the BAT Group's reporting methodology.
7 Retrospective Restatement: The data in 2023 Annual Report had been updated in accordance with the BAT Group's reporting methodology to include fugitive 
emissions of 620 tCO2e which increased the Scope 1 total, leading to a lower reduction percentage.

--- Page 26 ---
P . 24
03. Value Creation01 02 04 05 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
* Based on the weight of evidence and assuming a complete switch from cigarette smoking. These products are not risk-free and are addictive.
† Our vapour product Vuse (including Alto, Solo, Ciro, and Vibe), and certain products, including Velo, Grizzly, Kodiak, and Camel Snus, which are sold in the 
U.S. are subject to FDA regulation and no reduced-risk claims will be made as to these products without agency clearance.
Building a Better TomorrowTM for:
Consumers
Building a Better TomorrowTM for:
Employees
• Offering a multicategory portfolio, which includes reduced-
risk*† alternative products, tailored to meet the evolving 
preferences of adult consumers.
• Providing brands that consumers can trust and are 
manufactured to high-quality standards.
• Seeking to ensure responsible marketing that neither 
engages nor targets youth by complying with the BAT 
Group’s Responsible Marketing Framework (RMF), which 
includes the Responsible Marketing Principles, the 
Responsible Marketing Standards and the Responsible 
Marketing Code.
• Implementing a take-back scheme for our New Category 
pods and devices.
• Maintaining a welcoming and inclusive workplace, working 
to mitigate discriminatory practices and promoting equality 
and diversity.
• Female employees constitute 33% of total employees, 42% 
of management roles are occupied by women.
• Parental Leave Policy enhanced to increase paternity leave 
from 7 days to 20 days.
• Nurturing a dynamic, inspiring, safe workplace that values 
employee well-being and growth. Introduced a dedicated 
half-day a month to focus on employee wellness. A physical 
wellness programme was introduced specifically tailored 
for our field force employees to enhance the sales team's 
overall health and fitness levels.
• Prioritising employee health and safety – Zero Lost Time 
Injuries or fatalities.
 Adult consumers are at the core of our 
business and our success is underpinned 
by addressing their preferences, offering 
them a choice of enjoyable, innovative 
and reduced-risk
*† products.
 Attracting and retaining talent and 
providing an inclusive and safe working 
environment are key drivers in our 
transformation journey to build A Better 
Tomorrow™. Our focus is on providing a 
dynamic, inspiring and purposeful place 
to work for all our employees. 
How We Create Value

--- Page 27 ---
P . 25
Annual Report 2024
Building a Better TomorrowTM for:
Society and the Environment
Building a Better TomorrowTM for:
Stakeholders
• 51% of energy consumed in 2024 was from renewable 
sources.
• Achieved zero waste sent to landfill.
• Running the 'Beyond Benih' community investment 
programme, which supports food security in low-income 
families in West Malaysia.
• Invested over RM1.73 million on Beyond Benih since 
2022, supporting a potential ~89,000 people in the B40 
communities.
• Listed on Bursa Malaysia since 1961.
• Implementing a consumer-centric multicategory strategy 
to become a high-growth consumer goods business.
• Supporting Malaysia’s fight against black market products 
through proactive engagement with law enforcement 
authorities.
• Continuing to focus on reducing the health impact of our 
business while advancing our sustainability priorities.
 We believe the greatest contribution 
we can make to society is Building a 
Smokeless World and reducing the 
health impact of our business. While 
doing so we continue working to 
reduce our impact on the environment 
and creating meaningful impacts in 
communities we operate. This is central 
to delivering A Better Tomorrow™. 
 We are committed to delivering 
sustainable returns to our shareholders 
and investors while maintaining strong 
relationships with all our stakeholders. 
How We Create Value

--- Page 28 ---


--- Page 29 ---
Management 
Discussion & 
Analysis
28 Our Strategic Navigator
 - Quality Growth
 - Sustainable Future
 - Dynamic Business
35 Key Relationships
37 Material Matters
39 The Risks We Consider
40 Finance Director's Review
BAT Malaysia will continue growing its revenue through 
combustibles. This will enable us to allocate sufficient investments 
to develop New Category products that will fulfil our aim of providing 
greater choice and reduced-risk*† products to our consumers.
SEC. 04
* Based on the weight of evidence and assuming a complete switch from cigarette smoking.  
These products are not risk-free and are addictive.
† Our vapour product Vuse (including Alto, Solo, Ciro, and Vibe), and certain products, including Velo, 
Grizzly, Kodiak, and Camel Snus, which are sold in the U.S., are subject to FDA regulation and no 
reduced-risk claims will be made as to these products without agency clearance.


--- Page 30 ---
P . 28
04. Management Discussion & Analysis01 02 03 05 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Our Strategic Navigator
Purpose/Vision/Mission
Pillars & Building Blocks
Our Values
A Better TomorrowTM
– Building a Smokeless World
To deliver on BAT Group's vision of Building a Smokeless World, BAT Group aims to become a predominantly smokeless business 
– with 50% of BAT Group's revenue in Non-Combustible products by 2035. To enable this, BAT Group has refined its strategy to 
ensure clear lines of sight across the entire organisation.
Built around the three pillars of Quality Growth, Sustainable Future and Dynamic Business, the Strategic Navigator outlines 
the priority building blocks that support the achievement of BAT Group's ambition to Build a Smokeless World. Through these 
priorities, the BAT Group will deliver the strategic outcomes against which our performance will be measured. BAT Malaysia aims 
to contribute to the BAT Group's vision of creating A Better TomorrowTM by Building A Smokeless World.
Truly
Inclusive
Do The
Right
Thing
Love Our 
Consumer
Passion
To Win
Empowered
Through 
Trust
Stronger
Together

--- Page 31 ---
P.  2 9
Annual Report 2024
Quality Growth
DRIVING VALUE FROM COMBUSTIBLES
In 2024, our combustible business continued to defend its market leadership despite industry challenges such as increased 
downtrading and rising consumer interest in the vapour category.
The price increase we initiated in Q3 2023 was aimed at ensuring a sustainable business model that not only drives our business 
objectives but also fends off the challenges posed by the rising costs of doing business. In the wake of this, our 2024 portfolio 
strategy was designed to revive momentum in our key brands in order to bolster their performance and resilience with consumers 
in the long-run.
Despite facing segment challenges, our premium and aspirational premium portfolio continues to perform well. Our VFM brands, 
Luckies and Rothmans, are capitalising on market trends with a proposition that aligns with consumers’ evolving needs.
We are confident that our careful stewardship of our established combustible brands will enable them to maintain sustainable 
value growth.
We are committed to maximising the 
value of our combustibles portfolio 
while accelerating growth in New 
Categories. This aligns with evolving 
consumer preferences for nicotine 
products.
Our combustibles business remains 
essential to the business in delivering 
shareholder value.
We will drive long-term, sustainable 
growth by developing our winning global 
brands to meet the evolving needs of 
adult nicotine consumers.
Our commitments under 
Quality Growth:
Driving Value from Combustibles
Continuously Driving Growth Potential 
in New Categories

--- Page 32 ---
P . 30
04. Management Discussion & Analysis01 02 03 05 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
RESILIENCE IN THE ASPIRATIONAL PREMIUM SEGMENT
The Peter Stuyvesant brand maintained stable share performance despite being in a declining segment. The 
implementation of a price increase of RM0.30 in Q3 2023 caused only a minor share dip, highlighting the brand's resilience 
and strong consumer loyalty.
Quality Growth
EXTENDING PREMIUM SEGMENT LEADERSHIP
Dunhill maintained its position as the No. 1 cigarette brand in Malaysia (Source: IPSOS Retail Audit) and continues to lead 
in the premium segment. In spite of a price increase across the brand’s range in Q3 2023, its market share has seen a 
substantial recovery after an initial dip, with its Q4 share levelling back to pre-increase performance levels. This substantial 
market share recovery following the price increase equates to a higher volume contribution, driving positive value growth 
for the organisation – an encouraging trend for our future outlook.
During the year, Dunhill held an equity campaign that celebrated its integral role in Malaysia’s history. The brand has been 
a major part of festive celebrations that symbolise joy, tradition and togetherness. Furthering this legacy, Dunhill will 
celebrate its 60
th anniversary in 2025 — commemorating six decades of excellence, heritage and market leadership.


--- Page 33 ---
P . 31
Annual Report 2024
Quality Growth
CONTINUOUS GROWTH IN THE VFM SEGMENT
Rothmans had a significant year, updating its packaging to exemplify its aspirational and international appeal as the 3 rd 
largest brand in Malaysia. Despite a price disparity compared to other options, the brand continues to drive growth by 
building strong consumer loyalty and equity.
In Q3 2024, Rothmans introduced a pack upgrade, while Luckies launched a pack with an innovative tipping design, offering 
customers a unique experience that enhances brand love. Combined with its smoother menthol flavour and vibrant 
contemporary design, this feature sets the brand apart from its competitors and reinforces its strong position in the VFM 
segment.


--- Page 34 ---
P . 32
04. Management Discussion & Analysis01 02 03 05 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
CONTINUOUSLY DRIVING GROWTH 
POTENTIAL IN NEW CATEGORIES
Following the successful launch of Vuse 
in July 2023 with a range of disposable 
vape products catered to the needs 
of adult nicotine users, the brand has 
seen encouraging growth momentum 
in the vapour segment. With the help of 
engaging consumer-focused activations 
in the online and offline space along with 
impactful retail execution excellence, 
Vuse is currently the No. 1 vapour brand
8 
in measurable retail with a 40% value 
share within the disposable segment.
9 
To continue driving brand excitement by offering more flavour 
options to consumers, Vuse then launched two limited edition 
flavours in January 2024 as part of a flavour expansion offering.
To solidify our brand presence in the market, Vuse expanded into 
the rechargeable closed system vapour format with the launch 
of the Vuse Go Reload device and Vuse pods in July 2024. Vuse Go 
Reload is a rechargeable and reusable device with an ergonomic 
design that is exclusively compatible with Vuse pods, delivering 
value and taste satisfaction. It comes in six stylish colours with 
a device-lock feature that enables consumers to safely secure 
the device when not in use. In addition, a range of nine Vuse pod 
flavours were launched in a two-pod pack, featuring FEELM 
Max heating technology and delivering up to 1,000 puffs
10 per 
pod. Moreover, three ready-to-vape starter kits containing one 
Vuse Go Reload and one Vuse pod each were launched in limited 
quantities to drive initial trial and acquisition.
8 Based on Vuse estimated value share of vapour pods and pre-filled devices from Recommended Retail Price in total measured retail in key vapour markets:  
USA, Canada, France, UK, Germany, Poland and Spain as of May 2024.
9 Share of market within measurable retail: 24X, Bila2. Happy Mart, MyNews, Shell & 7E.
10 Based on laboratory testing of newly manufactured pods in a Vuse Go Reload 1000 (including recharging) at a puff duration of one second and may vary depending 
on individual’s usage behaviour.
Quality Growth
In 2024, we also expanded the distribution of Vuse across multiple retail channels to ensure ease of availability for consumers. 
The brand is currently distributed by more than 4,000 major stores and vape specialists nationwide.


--- Page 35 ---
P . 33
Annual Report 2024
Sustainable Future
SHAPING THE LANDSCAPE
Regulatory Development
We recognise and support the Malaysian Government's 
objectives to reduce smoking rates, as well as the crucial role 
regulations play in achieving these goals.
We have been consistently clear in our support for regulations 
that are based on robust evidence to effectively achieve 
intended policy outcomes and avoid unintended consequences 
such as the growth of illegal markets.
In line with this, we have provided our views to the authorities 
via consultation sessions held by the government during 
the drafting of Act 852 and its regulations, which have been 
gazetted to take effect starting 1 October 2024 through a 
phased implementation.
The Tobacco Black Market
In 2024, the tobacco black market stabilised at around 55% due 
to increased efforts by the government and law enforcement 
agencies to address this critical issue. Despite these efforts, 
macroeconomic factors such as reduced disposable incomes 
and inflationary pressures have continued to push tobacco 
consumers toward cheaper, unregulated illicit products, which 
remain accessible at retail outlets nationwide.
In order to ensure a level playing field, it is essential that all 
products in the market comply with the regulations and that 
strict enforcement is upheld by the relevant ministries and 
government departments, particularly the Ministry of Health, 
Ministry of Domestic Trade and Cost of Living and Royal 
Malaysian Customs Department.
1. A prohibition on advertising, promotion and sponsorship 
for tobacco and vapour products;
2. Requirement for products to be registered with the 
Ministry of Health by 1 April 2025;
3. New packaging and labelling requirements by 1 October 
2025.
Building a Sustainable Future is 
about seeking to actively encourage 
adult smokers, who would otherwise 
continue to smoke, to completely 
switch to scientifically substantiated 
reduced-risk
*† alternatives.
Science will be a primary driver of our 
efforts, supported by active external 
engagement and regulatory focus, while 
embedding sustainability across our 
organisation.
Our commitments under
Sustainable Future:
Tobacco Harm Reduction
Shaping the Landscape
Leading with Sustainability and Integrity
Please refer to pages 46 to 47 of this annual report.
Please refer to pages 94 to 99 of this annual report.
Key regulatory requirements outlined in Act 852 and its 
regulations include:
* Based on the weight of evidence and assuming a complete switch from cigarette smoking. These products are not risk-free and are addictive.
† Our vapour product Vuse (including Alto, Solo, Ciro, and Vibe), and certain products, including Velo, Grizzly, Kodiak, and Camel Snus, which are sold in the U.S., are 
subject to FDA regulation and no reduced-risk claims will be made as to these products without agency clearance.

--- Page 36 ---
P . 34
04. Management Discussion & Analysis01 02 03 05 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Dynamic Business
OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE
OPTIMISING SHIPMENT MOVEMENTS FOR EFFICIENCY AND SUSTAINABILITY
We have strategically reduced and optimised our shipments to North, South and East Malaysia by adopting a bi-weekly 
schedule. This initiative enhances operational efficiency and significantly reduces carbon emissions. By consolidating 
shipments and optimising our routes, we minimise the environmental impact of our logistics operations even as we 
maintain high service standards.
This optimisation was accomplished through careful planning and coordination to ensure that shipments are grouped 
together efficiently, reducing the number of trips required. As a result, we not only reduced fuel consumption but also 
decreased the wear and tear on our transportation fleet, leading to lower maintenance costs and extended vehicle 
lifespans. Additionally, fewer trips lead to reduced traffic congestion and lower emissions, contributing to cleaner air and 
a healthier environment.
Through these efforts, we are not only enhancing operational efficiency but paving the way for a more sustainable future.
REDUCING PLASTIC WASTE IN SHIPMENTS
We are dedicated to reducing plastic waste across our operations. As part of this commitment, we have initiated the 
removal of plastics in inbound shipments. By collaborating with our sister companies and suppliers, we have identified and 
implemented alternative packaging materials that are more sustainable and environmentally friendly. This initiative not 
only reduces the generation of plastic waste but also aligns with our overarching sustainability objectives.
EXPERIMENTING WITH PLASTIC WRAP FOR PALLETS
In addition to removing inbound plastic, we are conducting a series of experiments to optimise the use of plastic wrap for 
pallets. Our goal is to reduce the amount of plastic used without compromising the safety and stability of our shipments.
These experiments involve testing various types of plastic wraps, wrapping techniques and alternative materials. By 
analysing the results, we aim to implement best practices that will minimise plastic usage while maintaining the integrity 
of our products through transit and storage.
The Dynamic Business pillar envisages 
a future-fit, data-driven organisation; 
ensuring we are efficient and effective 
in all of our operations.
This will ensure that we deliver financial 
flexibility to invest in our business, 
people and products to win in a fast-
changing environment and deliver 
superior returns to our investors.
Our commitments under
Dynamic Business:
People, Diversity and Culture
Operational Excellence
Please refer to pages 64 to 77 of this annual report.

--- Page 37 ---
P . 35
Annual Report 2024
Key Relationships
Our stakeholders are strategically important to our business and understanding their needs and priorities is essential to delivering 
sustainable, long-term value.
Our key stakeholders include regulators, consumers, employees, investors, business partners, the media, Non-Governmental 
Organisations (NGOs), and community members. We engage with them regularly through various well-established platforms. To 
further enhance these efforts, we conducted a MA in 2023 to identify factors that impact our ability to deliver sustainable value 
to all stakeholders.
The MA enabled us to pinpoint the material matters outlined on page 37 of this report, which shape and guide our sustainability 
strategy.
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
Stakeholders Engagement Platforms Issues How We Addressed the Issues
Regulators • Public consultations and 
regular meetings
• The tobacco black market
• Tobacco Harm Reduction and New 
Category products
• Tobacco control regulations
• Embedding sustainability into 
business strategy and operations
• Two-way dialogue and shared information 
about the tobacco black market and its 
impacts, Tobacco Harm Reduction and New 
Category products
• Two-way industry led dialogue on tobacco 
control regulations
• Sustainability performance disclosed as part 
of Annual Report
Consumers • Customer service 
hotline
• Corporate emails
• Corporate website
• Company press releases
• Product information
• Tobacco black market
• Smokeless products
• Dedicated call centre to identify and address 
consumer concerns and provide essential 
information to keep consumers informed
• Awareness through press releases of quarterly 
financial performance
Employees • Bi-annual ‘Your Voice’ 
employee engagement 
survey
• Quarterly town hall 
sessions
• Annual corporate 
line-of-sight session
• ‘Speak Up’ channel
• Annual employee 
engagement events
• Career progression and 
development
• Fair compensation
• Rewards mechanisms
• Diversity and inclusivity
• Physical and mental wellness
• Grievances, discrimination and fair 
treatment
• Managing sustainability across 
operations and performance
• Feedback from 'Your Voice' survey 
incorporated into the talent strategy
• Progress review and development discussions 
with line managers
• Coaching and mentoring sessions
• Safety training and awareness through Safety 
Days and regular information sharing
• Employee wellness sessions
• All grievances reported via the 'Speak Up' 
channel and other means are investigated to 
ensure a closure and outcomes communicated 
to relevant parties
• Various employee engagement platforms to 
engage with all employees
• Conducted employee volunteer activity under 
Beyond Benih
• Sustainability performance disclosed as part 
of quarterly town hall sessions, annual line of 
sight and Annual Report

--- Page 38 ---
P . 36
04. Management Discussion & Analysis01 02 03 05 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Stakeholders Engagement Platforms Issues How We Addressed the Issues
Investors and 
Analysts
• Annual General Meeting 
(AGM)
• Annual Report
• Regular analyst briefings
• Corporate website
• Company press releases
• Corporate strategy and financial 
performance
• Corporate governance and 
compliance
• Tobacco black market
• New Category products
• Managing sustainability risks and 
identifying opportunities
• Sustainability performance
• Briefings and engagement throughout the year 
for analysts and investors to discuss business 
performance, strategies and related issues
• Sustainability performance disclosed as part 
of Annual Report
Media • Press conferences
• Media interviews and 
events
• Formal and informal 
briefings
• Corporate strategy
• Financial performance
• Products and services
• Tobacco black market
• New Category products
• Media engagements to provide updates on 
business performance, strategies, products and 
how we are creating value in communities
Business 
Partners
• Meetings with business 
partners
• Ensuring that our business partners 
stay updated on and comply with 
the latest regulations and standards
• Embedding sustainability into 
operations
• Briefings, information-sharing sessions 
and training with our business partners to 
ensure their compliance with regulations and 
standards
• Sustainability performance disclosed as part 
of Annual Report
Communities 
and NGOs
• Meetings with resident 
associations (RAs) of the 
communities supported 
through Beyond Benih
• Company press releases
• Corporate website
• Empowering low-income 
communities
• Upholding Environmental, Health 
and Safety (EHS) best practices
• Sustainability performance
• Expanded the Beyond Benih community 
investment programme to 22 farm gardens 
covering 8 states supporting B40 communities
• Monitoring and tracking environmental 
performance and ensuring compliance with 
applicable environmental and health and safety 
regulations
• Survey conducted to understand how Beyond 
Benih is impacting B40 communities and 
collect feedback on how the programme can 
further enhance its benefits to the community
• Sustainability performance disclosed as part of 
Annual Report
 
Key Relationships

--- Page 39 ---
P.  3 7
Annual Report 2024
Material Matters
HOW WE ASSESS MATERIALITY
Identifying material topics is a vital aspect of our approach to sustainability, as it enables us to define and understand our 
sustainability priorities.
The material topics published in this annual report were determined following the MA conducted in 2023. This comprehensive 
materiality exercise involved our key internal and external stakeholders, including our employees, Board members, suppliers 
and service providers, community members, and policymakers. The MA also considered the BAT Group’s material topics. The 
assessment was guided by the AA1000 Accountability Principles and was conducted by an independent third party consultant.
Based on the assessment's findings, we identified 14 material topics relevant to our business operations and activities.  
These topics were then incorporated into our sustainability strategy, informing our focus areas for 2024 and beyond. The materiality 
matrix below visually represents the relative importance of the identified topics.
We plan to conduct our next MA in 2025 as we review and realign our strategy to BAT Group’s revised Sustainability 
strategy and prepare for the adoption of Malaysia’s new National Sustainability Reporting Framework (NSRF).
BAT MALAYSIA’S MATERIAL TOPICS
BAT MALAYSIA MATERIAL ISSUES 2024
BAT Malaysia’s Impact
Impact on BAT Malaysia
Level Playing Field
Ethics and Integrity
Sustainability Governance
Supply Chain 
Management
Attracting, 
Developing and 
Retaining Talent
Balanced Regulations
Climate Change
and Energy
Water
Human Rights
Diversity and 
Inclusion
(D&I)
Employee Health and Safety
Circular Economy
Communities, Social 
Impact and Well-being
Tobacco 
Harm 
Reduction
Principal Focus AreasPriority AreasOther Focus Areas
Reducing the HEAL TH impact of our business Delivering a positive SOCIAL impact
Excellence in ENVIRONMENTAL management Robust corporate GOVERNANCE
Supply Chain Management related 
governance has been combined into 
Ethics and Integrity
Level Playing Field and Balanced 
Regulations topics have been combined 
into Responsible Marketing and 
Compliance
Attracting, Developing and Retaining 
Talent and D&I topics have been 
combined into People, Diversity and 
Culture

--- Page 40 ---
P . 38
04. Management Discussion & Analysis01 02 03 05 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Material Matters
METHODOLOGY
Our methodology includes:
In 2023, we initiated the MA with a comprehensive desktop research exercise to analyse our sustainability and stakeholder 
landscape. This process incorporated insights from available content, including a high-level review of up to seven peer companies, 
key sustainability indices, benchmarks and relevant Malaysian regulations. The research identified 643 potential issues, which 
were then categorised under broader headings narrowing the list to 130 sustainability issues. These were further distilled into 14 
material topics, presented in this report.
To validate and refine these topics, we conducted a digital survey to gauge their relevance to various internal and external 
stakeholder groups. This was followed by in-depth interviews with selected key internal and external stakeholders to understand 
their priorities and the sustainability issues they considered material. The findings from these engagements informed the creation 
of our new materiality matrix, which is presented on page 37 of this report. Further, we conducted a review of our sustainability 
strategy to evaluate its level of alignment with our stakeholders’ priorities and concerns and revised our strategy and focus areas 
accordingly.
The initial materiality matrix developed following the MA and updated strategy were subsequently evaluated during a  
cross-functional leadership workshop where further recommendations were solicited to enhance internal alignment with business 
priorities.
The findings and key recommendations from the MA have shaped our sustainability strategy, reporting approach, stakeholder 
engagement efforts, and communications strategy.
Desktop 
Research
Materiality
Assessment
Stakeholder 
Survey
Stakeholder 
Interviews
Analysis and 
Final Report
Strategy 
Alignment
Activation 
Strategy
Aligned
Strategy
Effective 
Engagement

--- Page 41 ---
P . 39
Annual Report 2024
The Risks We Consider
In addition to the above, BAT Malaysia Group is subject to the ever-present risk of competitor actions. Steps to anticipate, mitigate 
and respond to such risks are core to our business.
2024 RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES
REVIEW OF BAT MALAYSIA GROUP’S RISKS
The Risk Management Team reviewed and assessed 
BAT Malaysia Group’s risks formally twice during the 
year, in January and July 2024.
During Business Continuity Plan (BCP) testing period, 
the Chief Risk Officer (CRO) provided monthly updates 
on the status of the BCPs testing and highlighted any 
key threats to the internal controls of BAT Malaysia 
Group to the Leadership Team.
On a quarterly basis, the Risk Management Committee 
(RMC) was briefed by the CRO on BAT Malaysia Group’s 
Enterprise Risk Management Programme. The briefing 
included updates on the key risks of BAT Malaysia Group, 
risk mitigation plans and the status of the BCPs testing.
PROMOTION OF RISK AWARENESS
Risk communication is equally important and forms 
an integral part of the risk management activity as it 
focuses on the dissemination of risk information to 
appropriate levels of employees and stakeholders. 
Appropriate channels are available for employees to 
provide feedback on risk management issues and 
suggestions for improvement.
During the year, company-wide risk and control 
awareness communications were cascaded and 
department huddles conducted regularly for all 
employees throughout the nation. The objectives of 
the communications and huddles were to raise risk 
and control awareness within BAT Malaysia Group and 
to drive compliance of controls and adherence to risk 
mitigation plans.
BAT Malaysia Group sees three key risks that have the ability to significantly impact BAT Malaysia Group:
Illicit Trade Market Reduction
& Downtrading
Non-Compliance with 
Competition Laws/Guidelines

--- Page 42 ---
P . 40
04. Management Discussion & Analysis01 02 03 05 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
REVENUE
BAT Malaysia Group once again faced 
a challenging operating environment 
in 2024. The tobacco black market 
incidence remained persistently high, 
despite a modest 0.6% reduction. 
Additionally, inflationary pressures 
drove consumers to downtrade or 
switch to alternative nicotine products. 
Competition within the legal cigarette 
industry also intensified, particularly 
within the VFM segment.
Total revenue increased by 0.2% 
compared to 2023 mainly driven by 
volume increase. This is largely driven by 
the product portfolio strategy in place.  
The gross profit margin declined by 1.2% 
from 24.6% (RM568 million) in 2023 to 
23.4% (RM541 million in 2024) largely 
due to lower margins from vapour 
products.
GROSS REVENUE
(RM million)
2023
2,311
2024
2,315
PROFIT FROM OPERATIONS
(RM million)
2024
279
2023
281
CASH CONVERSION
(%)
2024
96
2023
177
Finance Director’s Review
COST OF SALES
BAT Malaysia Group’s cost of sales 
increased by 1.8% (RM31 million), in 
line with inflation and the higher sales 
of combustibles. Leveraging on its 
robust supply chain model, the Group 
continued to drive cost optimisation 
initiatives across the value chain to 
deliver a competitive product cost.
OPERATING EXPENSES
Amidst heightened inflationary 
pressures in 2024, BAT Malaysia Group 
succeeded in decreasing operating 
expenses by 7 .6% (RM22 million) to 
RM266 million, mainly driven by the 
Group’s continued efforts to actively 
manage and optimise expenses across 
our operations.
PROFIT FROM OPERATIONS
Profit from operations experienced 
a decline of 0.8% to RM279 million 
compared to the prior year, mainly 
impacted by lower margins 
associated with vapour products and 
the downtrading trend within the 
combustible industry.
TAXATION
The average effective tax rate of BAT 
Malaysia Group for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2024 was 27 .2%. 
The increase in the average effective 
tax rate compared to 2023 was mainly 
attributed to non-deductible expenses.
DIVIDENDS
In spite of the industry wide challenges, 
BAT Malaysia Group remained 
committed to maintaining a dividend 
payout above 90% of its earnings.  
In 2024, BAT Malaysia Group declared 
four quarterly interim dividends totalling 
59 sen per share, representing a 92% 
payout of total and a dividend yield of 
7 .9% based on the average share price in 
2024.

--- Page 43 ---
P.  4 1
Annual Report 2024
Finance Director’s Review
DEBT, DEBT STRUCTURE, WORKING CAPITAL AND LIQUIDITY
As at 31 December 2024, BAT Malaysia Group maintained a total debt facility of RM850 million across several licensed financial 
institutions in Malaysia. The Group continued to utilise revolving credits and bank overdrafts to support short-term working 
capital requirements. This flexible debt structure enabled BAT Malaysia Group to borrow at optimum levels, thereby minimising 
financing costs while enhancing interest deductibility. Additionally, BAT Malaysia Group maintained a debt factoring facility to 
further strengthen its working capital, providing greater flexibility to accommodate increased working capital requirements.
At the end of 2024, BAT Malaysia Group held RM558 million in revolving credit and short-term loans, with tenures ranging from 
one month to three months, compared to RM543 million in 2023. In 2024, cash from operations declined by 46.3% (RM230 million) 
compared to 2023, primarily due to higher year-end sales demand.
2024
RM million
2023
RM million
Profit from Operations 279 281
Cash from Operations 266 496
Cash Conversion 96% 177%
Increase in cash and cash equivalents 8 11
TREASURY
BAT Malaysia Group's foreign currency exposure primarily stems from the purchase of finished goods. In accordance with the 
Group’s treasury policy, this exposure is minimised by hedging net positions for up to 18 months, in line with the hedging period 
allowed under the Foreign Exchange Control guidelines enforced by Bank Negara Malaysia. The permitted range for the hedge 
ratio within the 18 months of the transaction date is 0% to 95%. The hedging strategy aims to safeguard shareholder value by 
minimising the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations. This is achieved through a structured approach, where hedges are layered 
monthly within the limits established by Bank Negara Malaysia.
SHAREHOLDERS’ RETURN
BAT Malaysia’s share price was primarily influenced by external factors, including the tobacco black market and the enforcement 
of Act 852. While the share price remained relatively stable in the first half of 2024, it declined in the third and fourth quarters 
following the gazettement of Act 852 in October 2024. The Group's market capitalisation stood at RM2.1 billion in 2024, with 
an estimated annual dividend yield of 7 .9%. BAT Malaysia Group continues to ensure the maximisation of shareholders’ returns 
through its A Better Tomorrow™ strategy.
BAT MALAYSIA'S SHARE PERFORMANCE 2024
Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec
9.29 9.13
8.40 8.25 9.06 8.70 8.40 8.31 8.00 8.00 8.26 7. 7 58.28 8.27
7.6 0 7.6 7 7.1 7 7 .30 7. 4 0
8.278.098.00
9.07
12
9
6
3
0
8.35
High (RM) Low (RM) Volume of shares traded (million)

--- Page 44 ---
P . 42
04. Management Discussion & Analysis01 02 03 05 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Finance Director’s Review
Share Performance 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
Net Dividends 1.55 1.18 0.83 0.98 0.88 0.63 0.59
Capital Gain/Loss (3.92) (21.00) (1.00) (0.10) (2.76) (1.93) (1.83)
Annual Shareholders’ Return (2.37) (19.82) (0.17) 0.88 (1.88) (1.30) (1.24)
OUTLOOK
BAT Malaysia Group remains committed to driving its A Better Tomorrow™ ambition in 2025. As we navigate a moderating 
economic landscape, we recognise the potential impact on consumer spending power. Likewise, with higher inflationary pressures, 
the Group continues to be diligent in optimising operational costs.
Against this backdrop, BAT Malaysia Group is optimistic of achieving a steady financial performance for the coming year, backed 
by its resilient combustible business and its multicategory portfolio.
The Group sees 2025 as a pivotal year, as Act 852 and its associated regulations come into effect in phases. Amidst this 
development, BAT Malaysia Group is fully prepared to navigate these regulatory changes effectively.
Meanwhile, the tobacco black market incidence has shown a declining trend, from 55.6% in 2023 to 55% in 2024. BAT Malaysia 
Group recognises the government’s ongoing efforts in addressing this issue and urges the government to intensify its efforts and 
resources in continuing to tackle the tobacco black market in 2025.
FIVE-YEAR PERFORMANCE HISTORY
REVENUE (RM million) NET TOTAL DIVIDEND PER SHARE (sen)
RETURN ON EQUITY
2020 2024202320222021
2,315
2,637 2,597
2,3152,311
2020
2020
2024
2024
2023
2023
2022
2022
2021
2021
PROFIT FROM OPERATIONS (RM million)
2020 2024202320222021
346
411 407
279281
83
98
88
5963
65%
74% 70%
47 .2%
52%

--- Page 45 ---
P . 43
Annual Report 2024
Finance Director’s Review
FIVE-YEAR PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS
2024
The legal combustible industry experienced a 2.0% decline in volume for the year as compared to the previous year despite the lower 
incidence of tobacco black market by 0.6%, from 55.6% to 55.0% in the current year. Combustible products continued to face challenges as 
consumer preference shifted to reduced-risk
*† alternative products. In addition, inflationary pressures had driven consumers to downtrade 
or consume alternative nicotine products such as vapour. Within this environment, in carving a pathway for VFM leadership, a Rothmans 
pack upgrade campaign was launched, aimed at reinforcing its premium perception and increase its competitiveness within the VFM 
segment. In solidifying its leadership in the premium segment, BAT Malaysia Group kicked off the Dunhill 60
th Year Celebration with vibrant 
nationwide in-store branding that emphasized on the brand’s premium and prestigious cues and reinforce its smooth and great taste 
credentials that have helped it to maintain its leadership position over the years. Regulations from Act 852 was gazetted in October 2024 
and will take effect in phases over the course of the year in 2025. BAT Malaysia Group is fully prepared to navigate these changes effectively. 
2020
This was an unprecedented year marked by the COVID-19 global pandemic. The tobacco black market and illegal vaping incidences 
continued to be high at 70% of the total nicotine market. Despite these external challenges, BAT Malaysia Group was resilient and showed 
strong signs of recovery quarter-on-quarter. Dunhill, our flagship brand, gained share of segment, increasing by 2.2% points. During the 
year, BAT Malaysia Group extended its portfolio with the launch of KYO in the VFM segment to capture a fair share of down traders. KYO’s 
performance was encouraging with a 2.8% share of the market, achieved within two months of launch. With this new addition to BAT 
Malaysia Group’s portfolio, the corporate share of the market increased by 1.1 percentage points versus 2019 to 51.7%. It was encouraging 
to see the government’s efforts in setting regulations and enforcement in curbing illegal cigarettes via the Budget 2021 announcement.
2021
This was the second consecutive year of the COVID-19 global pandemic. Despite this, BAT Malaysia produced stellar results, registering 
volume growth for the first time since 2002 and profit growth for the first time since 2015. Dunhill, our flagship brand, gained market share 
of 2.1 percentage points, while our KYO brand in the VFM segment continued to see encouraging response. During the year, we expanded 
its range with the launch of KYO Switch and KYO Full Flavour. As a whole, the KYO brand established itself as the fastest-growing modern 
consideration offer. Altogether, BAT Malaysia Group's total market share grew to 52.4%, an increase of 0.8 percentage points from 2020. 
It was also encouraging to note that the incidences of illicit cigarettes decreased to 57 .7% from 63.8% in 2020. Lastly, we welcomed the 
Budget 2022 announcement that the Malaysian government intended to legalise the sale of nicotine vapour products, which would help 
push forward our own aspirations to reduce the health impact of our business.
2023
The legal cigarette industry was impacted by external pressures affecting consumption. The tobacco black market incidence remained 
high at 55.6% and the legal market experienced downtrading alongside lower consumption as the trend of consumers opting for lower risk 
products continued. Within this environment, Dunhill remained resilient. BAT Malaysia Group launched Luckies during the year to better 
compete in the VFM segment. Upon the legalisation of vapour products earlier this year, BAT Malaysia Group was swift to expand into 
this segment of nicotine consumers by launching Vuse. This inaugural moment for BAT Malaysia presented far-reaching opportunities to 
BAT Malaysia Group as we transformed into a multicategory business. During the second half of the year, multiple formats of Vuse were 
introduced in order to cater to the varying tastes and needs of vapour consumers. We are encouraged by the initial performance and 
will continue to invest to grow Vuse. BAT Malaysia Group continues to urge the government to implement science-based regulations to 
regulate the vapour market.
2022
2022 saw Malaysia easing out of the COVID-19 global pandemic as the economy showed signs of gradual recovery. Businesses continued 
to find their footing in the post-pandemic high-inflationary environment while adjusting to the shifts in consumption patterns. In tandem 
with the market’s downtrading trend, BAT Malaysia Group’s VFM brands – KYO and Rothmans – captured an additional 1% market share. 
Although the legal tobacco industry’s premium segment declined by 1% during the year, Dunhill continued to cement its strong foothold 
in the premium segment as the brand secured growth of 1.1% share of segment. The BAT Malaysia Group's market share contracted by 
0.8% when compared to last year following a strategic exercise to delist the Pall Mall and Kent brands in the second quarter of this year as 
part of the portfolio simplification. This allowed BAT Malaysia Group to intensify its focus on business portfolio expansion of reduced-risk
*† 
products with the launch of glo™ in the first quarter of 2023. We are also encouraged by the decline of the illicit cigarettes trade from 57 .7% 
in 2021 to 56.6% in the current year. BAT Malaysia Group is in full support of the Malaysian Government’s stance to reduce the levels of 
the tobacco black market and urges the government to consider science- and evidence-based regulations to legalise the vapour market.
* Based on the weight of evidence and assuming a complete switch from cigarette smoking. These products are not risk-free and are addictive.
† Our vapour product Vuse (including Alto, Solo, Ciro, and Vibe), and certain products, including Velo, Grizzly, Kodiak, and Camel Snus, which are sold in the U.S., are 
subject to FDA regulation and no reduced-risk claims will be made as to these products without agency clearance.

--- Page 46 ---


--- Page 47 ---
Sustainability
Sustainability is at the forefront of our business as we aim to create 
long-term value for our stakeholders through a holistic approach. 
SEC. 05
46 Tobacco Harm Reduction
48 Environment
 • Climate Change and Energy
 • Circular Economy
 • Water
 • Our Approach To Climate Risks and Opportunities
63 Social
 • People, Diversity and Culture
 • Human Rights
 • Employee Health and Safety
 • Communities, Social Impact and Well-being
94 Governance
 • Ethics and Integrity
 • Responsible Marketing and Compliance
 • Sustainability Governance

--- Page 48 ---
P . 46
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
We have a clear purpose – to create A Better Tomorrow™ by Building a Smokeless 
World – anchored in reducing the health impact of our business. This purpose drives us 
to provide adult consumers with scientifically substantiated reduced-risk*† Smokeless 
alternatives backed by science and tested to meet or exceed industry-leading standards.
Below, we outline our approach to addressing one of our principal material matters: 
Tobacco Harm Reduction, in alignment with the BAT Group’s strategy. 
Tobacco Harm Reduction

--- Page 49 ---
P.  4 7
Annual Report 2024
Tobacco Harm Reduction
Tobacco Harm Reduction
Ensured 
compliance 
with Act 852 
that came 
into effect 
in October 
2024
2024
Highlights
BAT Malaysia’s Approach
Tobacco Harm Reduction remains a key pillar in our sustainability strategy, as highlighted in our 
MA, which identified it as a principal focus area for our stakeholders. Our approach to reducing the 
business's health impact is aligned with the BAT Group’s strategy, which is to develop and responsibly 
market, innovative products that support Tobacco Harm Reduction, propose solutions to address 
underage access to tobacco and nicotine products and engage with regulators and policy makers to 
facilitate Tobacco Harm Reduction.
The key pillars of Tobacco Harm Reduction are:
BAT Malaysia’s Ambition
The BAT Group has set targets to migrate its consumers of combustible tobacco products - who would 
otherwise have continued to smoke – to smokeless alternatives. BAT Malaysia aims to contribute 
to BAT Group's ambition of increasing consumers of Smokeless products to 50 million by 2030 and 
achieving 50% of the Group’s revenue from Smokeless products by 2035.
We will also continue to raise industry standards for Smokeless products within a regulated 
marketplace in Malaysia and support the establishment of appropriate regulations for reduced-risk
*† 
products.
* Based on the weight of evidence and assuming a complete switch from cigarette smoking. These products are not  
risk-free and are addictive.
† Our vapour product Vuse (including Alto, Solo, Ciro, and Vibe), and certain products, including Velo, Grizzly, Kodiak, and 
Camel Snus, which are sold in the U.S., are subject to FDA regulation and no reduced-risk claims will be made as to 
these products without agency clearance.
Consumer Choice
Adult consumers are most likely to switch to reduced-risk*† alternatives when they find products 
that meet their preferences. This is why the BAT Group is committed to offering a multicategory 
portfolio of Smokeless products tailored to meet their preferences.
World-class science is crucial to providing a robust evidence base to substantiate the role of 
Smokeless products in tobacco harm reduction. For 60 years, research and development (R&D) has 
been a critical part of the business and the BAT Group has invested more than £300 million a year in 
R&D to deliver innovations that address health risks and satisfy consumer preference.
World-class Science and Due Diligence
Access and availability of reduced-risk *† products depend on the right regulatory and market 
conditions, high standards and responsible industry practices. We support the development and 
implementation of coherent and proportionate regulations and standards for Smokeless products 
based on scientific evidence.
Standards and Regulations

--- Page 50 ---
P.  4 8
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
At BAT Malaysia, we continue to advance in our commitment to environmental 
sustainability. Our efforts are centered on reducing our environmental footprint by 
reducing resource consumption, waste and emissions. We continue to identify and 
implement measures to reduce our impact on the environment.
Our Environmental Management System is grounded in the Environmental Quality Act 
(EQA) 1974 and is the foundation for our environmental initiatives.
Environment

--- Page 51 ---
P . 49
Annual Report 2024
Environment
Environment
Climate Change and Energy
56%
Reduction in 
Scopes 1 and 2 
emissions vs. 
2020 baseline
51%
Renewable 
energy 
consumption
2024
Highlights
We are committed to reducing our GHG emissions in alignment with our target of achieving a 50% 
reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions against our 2020 baseline by 2030. In 2024, we implemented 
numerous initiatives to lower carbon emissions across our operations and continued to address climate 
change and energy management.
BAT Malaysia’s Approach
Our approach to climate change, while aligned to the BAT Group’s, has been localised to ensure we are 
meeting the priorities of our stakeholders and addressing issues most relevant to Malaysia. Climate 
change is a principal material topic for BAT Malaysia and we have developed a glide path of year-on-
year targets that aims to reduce our impact. We drove several initiatives to support the delivery of 
these targets, which are discussed under the highlights for 2024.
The data reported is for BAT Malaysia’s operations and taken from the BAT Group’s Environmental 
reporting database.
BAT Malaysia’s Targets
Key Performance Indicator Baseline Number 
(2020)
2024 Target
50% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2030 1,940 tCO
2e 750 tCO2e
50% renewable energy by 2030 0.2% 36%
848
(tCO2e)
SCOPE 1 EMISSIONS
Direct carbon emissions 
from our vehicle fleet and 
fuels used by our facilities as 
well as fugitive and process 
emissions. Reporting fugitive 
emissions were introduced in 
2024.
0
(tCO2e)
SCOPE 2 EMISSIONS
Indirect carbon emissions 
from purchased electricity 
and heating.
2,811
(tCO2e)
SCOPE 3 EMISSIONS
Scope 3 emissions data are not available 
specifically for BAT (Malaysia) Berhad, as 
the BAT Group reports Scope 3 emissions at 
the country level. Furthermore, due to the 
complexity of consolidating and assuring Scope 
3 data, the BAT Group reports Scope 3 a year 
later. Therefore, the figures reported here are for 
2023 due to the one-year lag.
BAT Malaysia's 2024 Performance

--- Page 52 ---
P.  5 0
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Environment
In 2024, we retired 3,335.24 MWh 
equivalent I-RECs, which means that 
100% of BAT Malaysia's electricity was 
sourced from renewable sources. The 
total Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduced 
by 56% vs the baseline. Scope 1 and 2 
emissions have also reduced against our 
2023 emissions.
Scope 1 primarily contributes to the total CO
2e emissions, which are mainly from the fuel consumed by our fleet of vehicles.  
In line with the change of the BAT Group GHG emissions reporting methodology, in 2024 we've incorporated fugitive and process 
emissions into Scope 1. Both 2024 and 2023 figures reported in the above graph include fugitive and process emissions, while the 
baseline figure doesn't, as the data was not available in 2020. Therefore, the figure reported in 2023 has changed from 752 tCO2e 
to 1,372 tCO2e.
In 2024, we maintained our fleet of hybrid vehicles within the BAT Group's green mobility standard. We are exploring the possibility 
of moving to electric vehicles when adequate infrastructure, such as charging stations, is in place across Malaysia.
Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions
(tCO2e)
Scope 1 Scope 2
Year on Year Comparison of Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions11
11 Retrospective Restatement: The data in 2023 Annual Report had been updated in accordance with BAT Group’s reporting methodology to include fugitive 
emissions of 620 tCO2e which increased the Scope 1 total.
12 Retrospective Restatement: The energy consumption reported in the 2023 Annual Report has been updated to align with the reporting scope for the sites 
in our operational control as per BAT Group’s reporting methodology.
2022
986.00 839.00
2023
1,372.00
2024
848.35
Year-on-Year Comparison of Total Purchased Electricity12
Total Purchased Electricity
2023
1,195.90
2024
3,335.24
2022
751.89
Our energy intensity per million 
cigarettes produced increased to 45.46 
MWh in 2024. This rise is attributed to 
the additional energy requirements of 
our new warehouse. 
The new warehouse in Pulau Indah, which started operating in late 2023, led to an increase in overall electricity consumption. 
This new warehouse is approximately 40% larger in size than the previous third party operated warehouse and falls under BAT 
Malaysia's operational control. Specifically, our total purchased electricity increased to 3,335.24 MWh due to the warehouse being 
added to BAT Malaysia’s reporting scope.

--- Page 53 ---
P.  5 1
Annual Report 2024
Environment
Year-on-Year Comparison of Renewable Energy Consumption Year-on-Year Comparison of Energy Intensity
2023
30.37
2024
50.59
2022
10.60
2023
142.24
2024
163.64
2022
200.94
In 2024, we completed the installation of solar panels with a combined capacity of 458kWp on our warehouse rooftops, with an 
annual generation target of 578 MWh. This initiative, achieved through collaboration with the warehouse's owner, underscores our 
commitment to renewable energy adoption.
The rooftop solar system brings savings in energy costs by reducing our dependency on grid electricity. The initial installation 
costs were offset against long-term savings in our energy bills.
We have increased our renewable energy consumption and achieved our target. Renewable energy consumption rose to 51% in 
2024.
CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES
Recognising the evolving climate-related risks and opportunities and preparing to transition from Task Force on Climate-Related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) to adopt the IFRS S2 framework, BAT Malaysia initiated a comprehensive risk assessment exercise 
in 2024. Our objective was to evaluate the physical and transition risks that could impact our operations over short, medium, and 
long-term horizons.
In 2024, we conducted a comprehensive climate risk assessment and conducted a workshop to leverage internal expertise and 
external guidance to thoroughly understand our climate-related risks and opportunities. The cross-functional workshop was 
facilitated by a leading external sustainability advisory consultant in Malaysia and participants included relevant Leadership Team 
members and Managers of BAT Malaysia, representing the key departments—Risk, Finance, Marketing, Corporate and Regulatory 
Affairs, Legal and Operations.
This workshop was followed by a technical desktop analysis using Geographic Information System (GIS) techniques and 
secondary data sources to assess each site's present susceptibility to flash floods.
The inputs from the workshop and the desktop analysis were used to carry out the risk assessment for our business in Malaysia.  
To evaluate medium and long-term climate risks, this assessment also included a scenario analysis by integrating the 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s (IPCC) Shared Socioeconomic Pathway (SSP) scenarios, specifically SSP2-4.5, the 
Net Zero 2050 Framework established by the Network of Greening the Financial System (NGFS) and the international Treaty of 
Paris Agreement.
The climate change risk assessment findings carried out in 2024 will be presented to BAT Malaysia’s Sustainability Committee 
(SC), RMC and Board in 2025. Once approved by the Board, the climate-related risks, opportunities and mitigation measures will 
be reported in BAT Malaysia’s 2025 Annual Report.
Renewable Energy Consumption
(Percentage)
Energy Intensity
(Gigajoules Per Million Cigarettes)

--- Page 54 ---
P.  5 2
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Environment
Circular Economy 
24.51%
Reduction in 
waste generated
vs. 2017 baseline
99.32%
Recycling rate
2024
Highlights
BAT Malaysia's 2024 Performance
In 2024, we saw an increase in waste generated to 54.81 tonnes compared to the previous reporting 
year, primarily due to our fully operational new warehouse in Pulau Indah. Despite this increase, our 
performance in 2024 is a reduction vs. the 2017 baseline of 72.61 tonnes. Furthermore, our recycling rate 
improved to 99.32% in 2024.
In 2024, we also initiated a monitoring programme for inbound shipment containers to further reduce 
waste generation. This initiative is part of our broader efforts in reducing waste at the source. By closely 
tracking and managing the materials entering our facilities, we aim to identify opportunities to reduce 
excess packaging, improve material efficiency and enhance our overall waste management practices. 
This approach has helped reduce waste generated at our sites.
BAT Malaysia’s Approach
Circularity is a priority material topic for BAT Malaysia. We have developed a glide path of targets 
which aim to reduce waste and improve recycling while implementing measures to reduce the impact 
of our products at end-of-life. These measures will support BAT Group’s ambitions and targets in 
relation to circularity and support the delivery of our commitments to stakeholders.
Given below are our targets and performance against them, as well as the measures we have put in 
place to enhance circularity. The data reported is for BAT Malaysia’s operations and taken from the 
BAT Group’s Environmental reporting database.
BAT Malaysia’s Targets
Key Performance Indicator Baseline Number 
(2017)
2024 Target
New Category device take-back scheme implemented - In place
25% reduction in waste generation by 2025 72.61 tonnes 55.20 tonnes
90% recycling rate of waste generated by 2025 98.37% 97 .83% 
Zero waste to landfill by 2025 1.19 tonnes 0

--- Page 55 ---
P . 53
Annual Report 2024
Environment
During the year, our factory sent 8.03 tonnes of tobacco waste to a brick manufacturing company in Segamat, Johor, where the 
waste is mixed with other raw materials and used to manufacture bricks. By repurposing tobacco waste into bricks, we divert one 
of our biggest waste materials from being landfilled or incinerated. The initiative, first launched in 2023, has been approved by the 
Department of Environment (DOE) Malaysia.
In February 2024, an inspection conducted by DOE at our Johor Bahru factory, found 3 instances of non-compliance with scheduled 
waste regulations, which resulted in citations being issued against our factory. These included the improper labeling of scheduled 
waste, the improper design of the scheduled waste storage area and the incorrect upkeep of the scheduled waste inventory and 
penalties were issued as a result. We took corrective actions to address and rectify these issues. This incident reinforced the 
importance of vigilance about waste management practices across all our sites.
We also continue to foster a culture encouraging our employees to participate in waste reduction programmes and contribute 
ideas for sustainable practices. Through continuous awareness conducted at the Johor Bahru factory, we aim to build a responsible 
mindset permeating at every level of the organisation.
Waste Recycling Rate
(Percentage)
Waste Generated
(Tonnes)
2023
3 7.1 3
2024
58.81
2022
20.07
2023
82.57
2024
99.32
2022
80.00
Year-on-Year Comparison of Waste Generated Year-on-Year Comparison of Waste Recycling Percentage4
4 Retrospective Restatement - The waste recycled percentage reported in the 2023 Annual Report has been updated to incorporate additional data on 
waste streams from all operational control sites in line with BAT Group's reporting methodology, which resulted in a lower recycling percentage.

--- Page 56 ---
P . 54
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Environment
Water 
Johor Bahru 
Factory
received the
Alliance 
for Water 
Stewardship 
(AWS) 
certification
2024
Highlights
BAT Malaysia’s Approach
With climate change intensifying water scarcity risks, we are committed to improving water efficiency 
across our operations.
Following the MA we conducted in 2023, water management remains a priority for us at BAT Malaysia. 
We continue to implement measures to reduce our water impacts and our performance in 2024 is 
detailed below.
The data reported is for BAT Malaysia’s operations and taken from the BAT Group’s Environmental 
reporting database.
BAT Malaysia’s Targets
Key Performance Indicator Baseline Number 
(2017)
2024 Target
35% reduction in water withdrawn by 2025 7 ,111m3 880m3
Water Governance
We have established governance structures, including clear policies and accountability mechanisms, to 
support responsible water management.
Water Balance
We monitor and manage our water usage to ensure the amount of water withdrawn is balanced with the 
water returned to the environment.
Water Quality
Our operations maintain the standards for water quality, both for incoming water and discharge, ensuring 
minimal environmental impact.
Important Water-Related Areas
We have identified critical water-related areas, with the aim to reduce the impact of our operations on 
these vital ecosystems.
Stakeholder Engagement
We actively engage with local communities and stakeholders, fostering collaboration and transparency 
in our water stewardship efforts.
BAT Malaysia's 2024 Performance
Our manufacturing facility in Johor Bahru was certified by the AWS, which encompasses comprehensive 
indicators for sustainable water management.
Our certification journey involved demonstrating well-established practices across several key areas:

--- Page 57 ---
P . 55
Annual Report 2024
Environment
We have integrated the principles of AWS to how we manage water resources, aiming to reduce our impact on the environment 
and the communities where we operate.
Our operations primarily consume water supplied by the local municipality, except for the Johor Bahru factory, which also utilises 
rainwater collected through the harvesting system installed in 2021. Further, our water conservation initiatives focus on reducing 
water losses by identifying and fixing leakages.
In 2024, our total water withdrawal reached 10,164 m³, reflecting a 42.93% increase against our 2017 baseline. This increase is 
primarily attributed to the integration of a new warehouse where water usage is predominantly associated with cooling tower 
operations. We are evaluating the feasibility of implementing a rainwater harvesting system at the warehouse facility to address 
this increase.
To further our commitment to water stewardship, we have also enhanced our water quality management practices at the Johor 
Bahru factory, where we instituted annual water quality testing at all discharge points and optimised glue pot cleaning operations 
to mitigate potential water quality risks. These efforts highlight our ongoing commitment to better manage water resources.
Additionally, we have installed multiple meters at our Johor Bahru factory to monitor the water balance and track water usage. 
These measures are part of our water stewardship plan under the AWS certification.
Water Intensity
(Cubic Metres Per Million Cigarettes)
Water Withdrawn
(Thousand Cubic Metres)
2023
1.17
2024
10.16
2022
1.00
2023
10.90
2024
68.77
2022
11.09
Year-on-Year Comparison of Water Withdrawn Year-on-Year Comparison of Water Intensity

--- Page 58 ---
P.  5 6
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Environment
OUR APPROACH TO CLIMATE RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES 
In 2024, we continued providing strategic 
climate-related disclosures based on the 
four recommended pillars of Governance, 
Strategy, Risk Management and Metrics and 
Targets.
Our climate disclosures are driven by 
the following perspectives: roles and 
responsibilities of related governance 
structures such as the Board of Directors, 
Leadership Team and relevant Management 
personnel the identification of physical and 
transition risks and the management of these 
risks and performance-related information 
pertaining to metrics and targets, such as 
our GHG inventory and decarbonisation 
milestones.
In 2024, we implemented specific strategic 
measures that will enable enhanced alignment 
to IFRS S2 Climate-related Disclosure 
standards by 2025. These strategic measures 
will be disclosed in future sustainability 
reporting. We also initiated work to strengthen 
the existing governance structures and risk 
oversight regarding climate change.
We consider climate change to be material 
from both financial and impact materiality 
perspectives. Hence, we are committed 
to mitigating climate-related risks and 
leveraging opportunities while actively 
driving business operations to achieve the 
BAT Group’s target of Net Zero GHG emissions 
by 2050, which we have adopted.
Good governance is imperative to how we manage climate 
risks and the realisation of our decarbonisation aspirations. 
Good governance is reflected in the comprehensive oversight 
mechanisms, robust internal processes and controls and 
regular two-way communication and engagement across the 
organisational hierarchy, ranging from the Board of Directors 
to Leadership Team and being cascaded to all relevant 
operational levels of the organisation.
Our governance framework is designed to address today’s 
challenges while anticipating and adapting to tomorrow’s 
demands. We are committed to transparent and responsible 
governance, ensuring sustainability is deeply embedded in 
every aspect of our business. This approach positions us to 
navigate the evolving sustainability landscape effectively while 
delivering long-term value for our stakeholders.
Governance of climate change begins with the 
involvement of the Board of Directors. The role of the 
Board is to ensure oversight on material sustainability 
topics, including climate change and to monitor the 
present state of progress achieved with regard to risk 
mitigation and emission reduction. Where required, the 
Board actively queries Leadership Team and provides 
strategic guidance to ensure BAT Malaysia remains on 
track with its decarbonisation aspirations.
However, the Board’s role includes more than just 
oversight. Where relevant, the Board actively considers 
(with the support of Leadership Team) how sustainability 
matters, including climate risks and impacts, may erode 
value creation over the short, medium and long-term 
horizons.
In supporting the Board in discharging its duties, BAT 
Malaysia has established a SC reporting to the Board. 
The SC is chaired by an Independent Non-Executive 
Director, Norliza Kamaruddin. Other members of the 
ORGANISATION’S ADOPTION OF 
RECOMMENDATIONS
Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related 
risks and opportunities.
SPECIFIC RECOMMENDATIONS
GOVERNANCE

--- Page 59 ---
P.  5 7
Annual Report 2024
Environment
While the Board, SC and RMC provide oversight at the 
highest decision-making level, the role of Management, 
notably Leadership Team, is to enable the development 
of strategic information, which includes identifying 
climate risks and opportunities, implementing 
mitigation strategies and developing necessary 
reporting disclosures.
The role of Management is driven by the Managing 
Director, supported by the Leadership Team, the CSO 
and CRO, as well as the heads of the various business 
functions such as Finance, Commercial Marketing, 
Operations, Human Resources and more.
The Managing Director’s active participation within the 
SC further accentuates the integration of sustainability 
into core business functions. Implementing a cross-
functional organisational approach enables more 
comprehensive oversight and shared ownership of 
sustainability matters, including climate change. This 
approach ensures a thorough perspective is developed 
and that most, if not all, aspects of the Company’s 
business model and operations have received the 
necessary focus and scrutiny on potential risks and 
opportunities arising from climate change.
ORGANISATION’S ADOPTION OF 
RECOMMENDATIONS
Describe management’s role in assessing and 
managing climate-related risks and opportunities.
SPECIFIC RECOMMENDATIONS
SC include fellow Board member, Datuk Christine Lee 
Oi Kuan and BAT Malaysia's Managing Director Nedal 
Salem. The SC oversees BAT Malaysia's sustainability 
agenda, covering all material topics including climate 
change.
All SC members have received training and relevant 
exposure to sustainability matters, including climate 
change. The profiles of each SC member, detailing 
their professional qualifications and competencies as 
well as experience, are provided on pages 103 to 109 
of this report. The inclusion of both Non-Executive 
and Executive Directors within the SC enables a well-
rounded perspective to be developed based on business, 
financial and stakeholder considerations of climate risks 
and opportunities.
The SC plays an active role in reviewing climate risks 
and opportunities identified by the Senior Management, 
the specific mitigation measures implemented, the 
progress achieved and other pertinent information.  
This includes setting broad direction and objectives for 
the BAT Malaysia's climate change agenda, monitoring 
progress and providing recommendations on how BAT 
Malaysia can best achieve its decarbonisation targets.
The SC is empowered to make recommendations to 
the full Board, supported by the Chief Sustainability 
Officer (CSO) and CRO, on any sustainability—or risk-
related matters it deems necessary to be reviewed 
and deliberated on by the full Board. The SC receives 
sustainability-related information from the CSO.
The Board Charter and the Terms of Reference (TOR) for 
each Board Committee, including the SC and the RMC 
are being reviewed and updated per the governance 
requirements of IFRS S2. The updated TORs will be 
presented to the Board of Directors for approval in 2025 
and made available on the BAT Malaysia website once 
approved. The revised Board Charter, TORs and ways of 
working will be implemented accordingly in 2025.
Kindly refer to pages 98 to 99: Sustainability Governance 
Structure for specific information on the aforementioned 
approach to governance of Sustainability and material 
topics, including climate change.
The Board’s oversight continues to evolve in response 
to emerging challenges and opportunities, as well 
as in response to long-term climate ambitions and 
realising the overall sustainability agenda, including Key 
Performance Indicators (KPIs) and targets.
Led by the Board of Directors, the governance process 
ensures a top-down approach in setting strategic 
direction and maintaining accountability, placing 
BAT Malaysia firmly on the path to achieving net zero 
emissions by 2050. The Board’s oversight continues 
to evolve in response to emerging challenges and 
opportunities, strengthening BAT Malaysia’s capacity to 
drive positive change.

--- Page 60 ---
P . 58
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Environment
Drawing on the BAT Group’s financial modeling, 
Management continues to implement a localised 
plan for developing responses that are aligned to the 
Malaysian operating context. This includes driving 
progress in realising BAT Malaysia's targets:
• 50% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2030.
• 50% renewable energy composition by 2030.
On a more tactical and operational level, Management’s 
role is to implement measures such as closer monitoring 
of energy consumption, developing cost-benefit ratios 
and analyses of transitioning to solar, or switching 
to more energy-efficient machinery and equipment. 
Management is also tasked with developing necessary 
measures to track energy consumption and emissions, 
including the development of comprehensive data for 
direct and indirect energy consumption and a robust 
GHG inventory comprising Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG 
emissions.
Management provides all relevant information to the 
Board, SC and RMC ahead of the meetings.
In November 2024, BAT Malaysia took a step forward 
in strengthening its climate-related disclosures by 
conducting a Climate Risk Assessment (CRA) workshop 
with key management members. The findings from the 
CRA are being developed and will be published in future 
reporting subject to SC, RMC and Board approval. 
We have continued to disclose our physical and transition-
related climate risks and opportunities. These typically 
comprise risks and opportunities that potentially may have 
a material financial, business, and operational (FBO) impact. 
In developing the climate risks and opportunities profile, we 
utilise several sources, including findings by the BAT Group and 
taking into account the local business and operational context 
of Malaysia.
The BAT Group perspective comprises various climate 
scenarios established through high-level, scenario-based 
modelling of material risks and business impacts, including 
financial modelling. Climate scenarios applied within the 
BAT Group’s perspective include IPCC-aligned 1.5°C, 2°C and 
3-4°C climate scenarios. The use of these scenarios are then 
localised accordingly to provide company-specific risk profiles 
based on the unique context of Malaysian operations.
We plan to quantify potential financial losses from climate-
related risks to address these risks. These include impacts 
on financial performance (revenues, earnings, and cash flow) 
and financial position (assets, liabilities, capital allocations, 
provisions and impairments, if any).
The November 2024 CRA provides additional perspective in 
refining risks and opportunities to be more specific to BAT 
Malaysia's unique business and operational context. This will 
also include, going forward, the financial quantification of 
relevant physical and transition risks. We intend to disclose 
this information in future reporting, subject to Board approval 
in 2025.
STRATEGY 
CLIMATE CHANGE: PHYSICAL RISKS
• Flash flood occurrences with increasing frequency and 
severity could potentially impact business operations 
and supply chains. The flash flooding issue is likely 
exacerbated by poor drainage, which could impact the 
operations of factories and distribution centres.
ORGANISATION’S ADOPTION OF 
RECOMMENDATIONS
Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities 
the organisation has identified over the short, 
medium, and long term.
SPECIFIC RECOMMENDATIONS

--- Page 61 ---
P.  5 9
Annual Report 2024
Environment
• Factory operations could also be disrupted, impacting 
production and delaying product shipments. Other 
associated risks or impacts include losses due to 
damaged goods or, alternatively, higher insurance 
premiums due to increased flooding risks.
• Flash floods could impact logistical capability as 
roads, rail and other transportation infrastructure are 
disrupted due to severe flooding. This may potentially 
affect the distribution and availability of products in 
the market.
• Inclement weather may also impact sales and 
marketing activities, notably the ability to conduct 
sales activities.
CLIMATE CHANGE: TRANSITION RISKS
• BAT Malaysia's transition risks mainly arise from the 
BAT Group’s ongoing transition to solar energy use. 
The potential risk arises from lower-than-expected 
return on investments made, such as a lower rate of 
cost savings from using solar as compared to grid-
derived electricity.
• Similarly, the same consideration applies to any 
transitional measures, such as investments made 
into energy savings systems or the use of electrified 
forklifts and machinery over diesel-powered variants. 
The same applies to any transition to electric vehicles 
as opposed to the continued use of fossil fuel-powered 
vehicles for the organisation’s fleet.
• Given BAT Malaysia's robust financial position, risks 
associated with financing renewable energy and 
decarbonisation projects are negligible.
• It is imperative that budgeting to finance the ongoing 
solar transition must consider a wide range of external 
factors. These include factors beyond BAT Malaysia's 
control such as the rising prices of solar panels, which 
have increased significantly in recent years due to 
growing demand and supply issues.
• Funds allocated for solar transition may lead to 
opportunity costs as the monies could have been 
invested into other commercial strategies that may 
have generated a faster and higher rate of return. 
These include new product development, expansion of 
the marketing arm, investments in digital technologies 
or strengthening the supply chain.
• Other identified risks include failure to adequately 
manage supply chain risks associated with the 
transitional and operational impacts of climate 
change, which may cause increased volatility in the 
supply volume, quality, or cost of raw materials and 
services across the value chain.
• Other risks include exclusion from international ESG 
indices such as FTSE Russell for lack of robust climate 
change disclosures.
CLIMATE CHANGE OPPORTUNITIES:
• With rising energy prices, notably electricity pricing 
for industrial and commercial consumers, BAT 
Malaysia's ongoing transition to solar energy can 
reduce or insulate its exposure to rising energy costs. 
Please see the disclosures on page 61.
• BAT Malaysia can participate in carbon offset 
trading mechanisms to retire fugitive or unavoidable 
emissions, reducing exposure to any potential carbon 
tax implementation.

--- Page 62 ---
P . 60
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Environment
We maintain a robust risk management framework 
established in accordance with the best practice ISO31000 
risk management system. The framework features a triple-tier 
mechanism for risk identification, assessment, prioritisation, 
and mitigation. Progressively, sustainability risks, notably 
climate change, are being integrated into our risk management 
framework. 
RISK MANAGEMENT
Specific methodologies applied to identifying risks 
include the use of climate scenarios as provided for 
by the global assessment approach of the BAT Group. 
Additional considerations applied to assess risks include 
a severity vs likelihood matrix, as well as a further 
perspective based on short, medium, and long-term 
horizons, i.e., short-term (<2 years), medium-term (2 to 
10 years) and long-term (>10 years) timeframes.
The aforementioned criteria are then applied to the 
following aspects of BAT Malaysia's operations:
• Operations, assets and facilities – Evaluating 
potential disruptions from extreme weather events 
and resource availability.
• Supply chains and raw materials – Assessing, sourcing, 
logistics, and production continuity vulnerabilities.
ORGANISATION’S ADOPTION OF 
RECOMMENDATIONS
Describe the organisation’s processes for identifying 
and assessing climate-related risks.
Describe the organisation’s processes for managing 
climate-related risks.
Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, 
and managing climate-related risks are integrated 
into the organisation’s overall risk management.
Describe the organisation’s processes for identifying 
and assessing climate-related risks.
SPECIFIC RECOMMENDATIONS
• Consumer markets – Understanding shifts in 
consumer demand due to climate-related regulations 
and sustainability expectations.
• Employees – Potential risks/impacts on employees 
and their ability to perform their roles within the 
business.
As previously mentioned, BAT Malaysia's CRA paves 
the way for more focused and nuanced disclosures in 
the future. Findings from these assessments will be 
published in future reporting.
Central to BAT Malaysia's risk management strategy 
is the integration of climate-related risks into its Risk 
Register, which is systematically reviewed and updated 
to reflect the evolving risk landscape.
In addressing climate-related risks and strengthening 
operational resilience, BAT Malaysia has implemented 
several key initiatives:
• On-Site Renewable Energy – Investing in solar power 
systems to generate renewable energy for factory and 
warehouse operations.
• Renewable Electricity Sourcing – Purchasing I-RECs 
from renewable energy projects managed by the 
I-REC Standard Foundation.
• Fleet Transition – Transitioning the company fleet to 
hybrid models.
• BCP – Establishing and annually testing BCPs to 
mitigate climate change impacts.
By embedding the insights gleaned from its CRA into 
strategic planning, BAT Malaysia aims to be better 
equipped to assess the financial implications of potential 
disruptions and unlock new growth opportunities. The 
findings will also guide future decisions on resource 
allocation, operational priorities and climate adaptation 
strategies. Disclosure of these results will be made 
in subsequent reports, reflecting our commitment to 
continuous improvement and transparency.

--- Page 63 ---
P . 61
Annual Report 2024
Environment
We have adopted a comprehensive approach to climate-
related disclosures, ensuring that key metrics are measured, 
monitored, and reported in alignment with global best 
practices. Currently, the primary focus is on monitoring and 
reporting GHG emissions across our business operations, 
following the methodologies of the GHG protocol.  
This enables us to track progress on decarbonisation efforts 
while identifying opportunities for improvement across our 
value chain.
METRICS AND TARGETS
ORGANISATION’S ADOPTION OF 
RECOMMENDATIONS
Disclose the metrics used by the organisation to 
assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line 
with its strategy and risk management process.
SPECIFIC RECOMMENDATIONS
BAT Malaysia has and continues to develop other 
metrics, including financial metrics, based on the 
following:
• Commercial Impacts and Cost Savings – Metrics to 
quantify financial performance improvements due to 
climate-related initiatives.
• Impairments and Provisions – Calculations related 
to potential impairments or provisions required for 
mitigating climate-related risks and impacts.
One example of financial-related disclosures is the 
data provided on the ROI expected from BAT Malaysia's 
ongoing transition to solar energy. The quantification of 
this is provided below:
25 Years Financial Analysis
Model Capital 
Expenditure 
(Cash)
Capital 
Expenditure 
(Loan)
Contract Period None None
Operation & Maintenance 
(O&M) Services
3 years 3 years
Solar Savings in 1st year
per kWh
RM0.393 RM0.393
Estimated Monthly Solar 
Savings in 1
st year
RM3,911 RM3,911
Estimated Annual Solar 
Savings in 1st year
RM46,932 RM46,932
Total Solar Savings in 25 
years
RM1,295,624 RM1,251,492
Upfront cost RM242,892 RM48,578
Estimated Annual Loan 
Repayment
7 .00 Years tenure, 80% financing 
at 6% interest rate
None RM34,064
Estimated Annual O&M Cost RM3,737 RM3,737
Cross Cost RM242,892 RM287 ,024
Tax Incentive Savings
Assumes 24% tax bracket, 
includes 100% Green Investment
Tax Allowance (GITA) and 100% 
Capital Allowance (CA)
RM116,588 RM116,588
Net cost RM126,304 RM170,436
Your Payback Period 3.15 years 0.53 years
Internal Rate of Return (IRR) 29% 123%
Levelised Cost of Electricity
per kWh
RM0.08 RM0.10
In addition to the above, BAT Malaysia also tracks 
energy consumption and measures intensity (MWh/
million cigarettes) to monitor its efficiency throughout 
its operations. See pages 49 to 51 for a comprehensive 
presentation of climate-related and energy-related data.

--- Page 64 ---
P . 62
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Environment
The GHG emissions data collected and reported by scope 
within the organisational boundary are as follows: -
Emission 
Scopes
Baseline 2022 2023 2024
Direct GHG 
emissions 
(Scope 1)
1,225 986 1,372 848
Market 
based GHG 
emissions 
(Scope 2)
715 839 0 0
Other 
relevant 
indirect GHG 
emissions 
(Scope 3)*
- - 2,172 2,811
* Scope 3 emissions data is not available specifically for BAT 
(Malaysia) Berhad, as the BAT Group reports Scope 3 emissions 
at the country level. Furthermore, due to the complexity of 
consolidating and assuring Scope 3 data, the BAT Group reports 
Scope 3 a year later. Therefore, the figures reported here are for 
2023 and 2022 respectively due to the one-year lag.
BAT Malaysia has established climate targets to 
guide the direction of its business operations towards 
reducing GHG emissions. These targets cover 100% 
of its local operations, which includes the Johor Bahru 
factory, Pulau Indah warehouse, 10 CMD offices and the 
head office in Malaysia and are aligned with national and 
global goals, such as Malaysia’s Nationally Determined 
Contribution (NDC), National Energy Transition Roadmap 
ORGANISATION’S ADOPTION OF 
RECOMMENDATIONS
ORGANISATION’S ADOPTION OF 
RECOMMENDATIONS
Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 
3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and the related 
risks.
SPECIFIC RECOMMENDATIONS
Describe the targets used by the organisation to 
manage climate-related risks and opportunities and 
performance against targets.
SPECIFIC RECOMMENDATIONS
(NETR) and Paris Agreement. To ensure alignment with 
these targets, BAT Malaysia diligently monitors and 
evaluates its climate-related performance, particularly 
GHG emissions.
BAT Malaysia is committed to achieving 50% reduction 
in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, by 2030, using 2020 as 
the base year. In support of our broader decarbonisation 
strategy, BAT Malaysia aims to achieve 50% renewable 
energy usage by 2030. This initiative focuses on 
transitioning towards cleaner energy sources, reducing 
dependency on fossil fuels and promoting long-term 
energy sustainability across our operations.
50% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 
by 2030
50% of renewable energy usage by 2030
KPI Baseline 2022 2023 2024 2024 
Target
50% 
reduction 
in Scope 1 
and 2 GHG 
emissions by 
2030
1,940 
tCO
2e
1,340 
tCO2e
1,372 
tCO2e 
848  
tCO2e
750 
tCO2e
50% of 
renewable 
energy 
usage by 
2030
0.2% 10.6% 30.4% 50.6% 35.7%

--- Page 65 ---
P.  6 3
Annual Report 2024
We are dedicated to driving meaningful social impact through our operations.  
This section of the report highlights our efforts to create value by prioritising the well-
being and needs of our employees, local communities and other stakeholders across 
our supply chain and business network. By fostering inclusive practices and addressing 
each stakeholder group’s unique challenges, we aim to build a sustainable future for all 
our stakeholders. 
Social

--- Page 66 ---
P.  6 4
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Social
People, Diversity and Culture
42%
Women in 
management 
roles
39%
Cross-industry 
hires in 
management 
grade
43%
Women in the 
leadership team
2024
Highlights
BAT Malaysia’s Approach
We believe that building A Better Tomorrow™ relies on attracting, nurturing and retaining a talented 
and dynamic team. To this end, we have adopted the BAT Group’s People, Diversity and Culture 
strategy to build an inclusive and dynamic culture that empowers our employees with a future-ready 
mindset.
D&I are central to our journey to building A Better Tomorrow™. We aim to cultivate an inclusive 
workplace where every team member can thrive and achieve their career aspirations. Our People, 
Diversity and Culture strategy, channels our focus towards the following areas:
• Developing tomorrow’s leaders
• Championing D&I
• Attracting and retaining top talent
• Enhancing workforce engagement
• Recognising and rewarding excellence
These focus areas are each explored further in this section of the report.
BAT Malaysia’s Targets
Key Performance Indicator 2024 Target
Increase the proportion of women in management roles (G34 and above) to 45% by 
2025
42%
Increase cross-industry hires in management (G34 and above) to 45% by 2025 45%

--- Page 67 ---
P . 65
Annual Report 2024
Social
Shaping a
performance-driven
& dynamic
organisation
Nurturing
relevant
capabilities
Accelerating
simplification
& digitalisation
Creating
a purposeful
& energising
environment
Evolving
into a
future-ready
HR function
2030
AMBITION
BAT Malaysia's 2024 Performance
ACCELERATING TOMORROW’S LEADERS
We employ 283 people across our operations in Malaysia. Attracting and retaining the best talent and providing them with an 
inclusive work environment is key to our transformation journey to build A Better TomorrowTM. Our aim is to provide a dynamic, 
inspiring and purposeful place to work for every employee.
We support our employees to build a future-ready mindset. This mindset is integrated throughout the employment journey of 
any individual—from the day an employee begins their first day working with us until the day they depart the organisation. It is 
ingrained within our talent attraction and retention strategies, thus positively impacting Malaysia’s talent pool.
OUR PEOPLE STRATEGY
Our people are at the heart of our business and key to driving our purpose. This is why we place our focus on transforming our 
culture.
We have adopted the BAT Group’s purposefully designed people strategy to ensure we can be ready for future changes and 
respond to consumer needs at pace.
Our strategy is anchored around five bold intentions which we expect to be owned and driven by every employee at BAT Malaysia.

--- Page 68 ---
P . 66
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Social
Leadership Training
We offer a range of leadership programmes in areas including Leading Self, Leading Teams, Women in Leadership and RISE, 
while continuously seeking out new programmes that would enable us to address new leadership trends and requirements. 
These programmes provide our employees with the skills to navigate challenges, embrace change and lead more confidently 
and effectively.
In 2024, we continued to foster leadership growth by refining our training offerings and expanding mentoring opportunities.
Talent Marketplace
Our Talent Marketplace remains a pivotal platform at BAT 
Malaysia, through which we use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to 
align employees’ skills, experiences and career aspirations 
with opportunities across the organisation. This year, we 
enhanced its capabilities to further support employees in 
shaping their career paths.
Through a series of Workstyle Trainings, we continued to 
guide employees in harmonising well-being with professional 
growth, enabling them to pursue opportunities that 
reflect their unique strengths and potential. In 2024, 31% 
of our workforce benefitted from the Talent Marketplace, 
showcasing its growing impact on career development.
Our leadership programmes play a key role in developing the future-ready mindset in our people. Through strategic investments in 
development and upskilling programmes, we empower current and future leaders to meet and thrive amidst the evolving demands of our 
business and industry.

--- Page 69 ---
P.  6 7
Annual Report 2024
Social
The Grid
The GRID remains our one-stop digital learning platform, 
evolving to meet the ever-changing needs of our workforce. 
With a user-friendly, on-demand interface, it empowers 
employees to take charge of their development by accessing 
tailored content anytime, anywhere.
This year, we introduced new capabilities that elevate the 
learning experience. Enhanced skills management ensures 
precise alignment of content with individual goals, while 
intelligent automation simplifies personalised learning 
recommendations and engagement. The GRID now also 
features AI-powered coaching, offering bespoke skills 
development and career growth support.
Through these advancements, The GRID continues to drive a 
culture of self-guided learning and innovation, preparing our 
people to meet future demands.
Functional Learning Huddles and Capabilities Upskilling
Functional Learning Huddles, introduced in 2021, continue 
to provide employees with a collaborative learning platform 
within their respective functions, fostering a culture of 
continuous development.
This initiative has been expanded across various teams, 
focusing on our National Sales Team. Training modules have 
been tailored to align with the evolving Route-To-Market 
model, covering key areas such as new ways of working, 
commercial capabilities and digital upskilling — including 
technology adoption, internal systems fluency and data 
insights.
Beyond sales, employees received targeted training in critical 
areas such as data management, organisational skills and 
leadership proficiency. This ensures that our workforce 
remains adaptable and equipped to meet the dynamic needs 
of our stakeholders and business.


--- Page 70 ---
P . 68
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Social
License to Hire
Designed to equip managers with essential hiring skills, the 
License to Hire training focuses on smart hiring, creating 
an inclusive candidate experience, identifying unconscious 
biases and effective onboarding. The programme also 
incorporates gamification within online sessions to enhance 
engagement and learning effectiveness, ensuring a fun and 
impactful experience for all participants.
This year, we completed our first face-to-face License to Hire 
cohort, where 28 hiring managers participated in a day of 
learning, including role-play simulations and curated content. 
The revamped programme, developed through collaboration 
between BAT Malaysia Human Resources and Global 
Business Services (GBS) recruitment teams, achieved a 100% 
satisfaction rate.
Be The Change Internship & Global Graduate (GG) Programme
Our ‘Be The Change’ Internship Programme offers young 
talent project-based experiences, mentorship from senior 
leaders and exposure to a diverse multinational workplace, 
forming a key first step towards success within BAT Malaysia.
Our GG Programme then takes growth to the next level, 
exposing participants to various aspects of our business 
and shaping them with the skills to become impactful future 
leaders.
This year, the internship programme successfully produced 
4 GGs, highlighting its effectiveness in nurturing talent for 
future global career opportunities.
SkillsFest
SkillsFest is an immersive Metaverse platform that empowers 
employees to unlock their potential and explore career 
opportunities within the company. Through interactive 
modules, it provides access to learning content, leadership 
development and career growth resources. Key features and 
activities include:
• Leadership keynote with senior leaders on the future of work.
• Webinars on career navigation, mindset development and 
peak performance.
• Panel discussions on leadership and functional career paths.
• Career booths showcasing job opportunities and insights 
from BAT representatives.
• Talent marketplace profile enhancement feature, which 
enables employees to align their profiles to their career goals.


--- Page 71 ---
P . 69
Annual Report 2024
Social
Our talent and capability development investment continues to resonate deeply across our workforce. In 2024, we prioritised creating 
meaningful and diverse learning experiences and empowering employees to enhance their skills through tailored training sessions—
virtual, in-person, and self-directed. This holistic approach has not only enriched individual growth but also strengthened our collective 
expertise, positioning us for sustained success.
283
Employees
250
Growth in facilitated led training 
(virtual and face-to-face)
200%
Growth in local/functional led 
training
EMBRACING D&I
Commitment D&I is embedded deeply within BAT Malaysia, with our functional champions and leads serving as drivers for this critical 
agenda.
Further, the BAT Group is the first global tobacco company to achieve the National Equality Standard (NES) and the Global Equality 
Standard (GES). This recognition highlights the Group’s unwavering commitment to D&I and validates its efforts to prioritize mental 
health, well-being and the continuous enhancement of D&I practices.
CELEBRATING INCLUSIVITY 
THROUGH MILESTONE EVENTS
In 2024, we celebrated International 
Women’s Day and International Men’s Day, 
reinforcing our commitment to supporting 
and championing all employees and their 
unique contributions. These celebrations 
provided opportunities for employees to 
learn how to manage a multigenerational 
workforce, cultivate a culture that 
celebrates D&I, address key D&I issues and 
steer the D&I agenda in their respective 
local organisations.

--- Page 72 ---
P.  7 0
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Social
Diversity on Our Leadership Team
Promoting women leadership is a cornerstone of our D&I strategy. This commitment is reflected in 43% representation of women 
on our Leadership Team, showcasing our dedication to fostering a diverse and inclusive leadership pipeline.
Female Female Female
Male Male Male
Diversity on Our Leadership Team
75% 71% 57%25% 29% 43%
Our Commitment to Non-Discrimination
We strictly adhere to the BAT Group’s SoBC, including the ‘Respect in the Workplace’ section of BAT Group’s SoBC, underscoring 
our commitment to treating all colleagues and business partners with dignity and respect. To combat discriminatory practices, 
we have implemented provisions that promote equality and diversity while preventing harassment and bullying. The SoBC also 
includes the Group Whistleblowing Procedure, which provides a safe and confidential mechanism for employees to report 
discriminatory incidents without fear of retaliation.
All reported discrimination cases at BAT Malaysia were thoroughly investigated in the year under review.
Our Workforce
Our people drive our success. We foster an inclusive workplace where diverse perspectives fuel innovation. Employment decisions 
are guided by skills, performance and potential, ensuring equal opportunities for all—regardless of gender, age, nationality, 
ethnicity, or religion.
In 2024, 71% of our Leadership Team came from diverse nationalities, bringing a global perspective to decision-making. Women 
comprised 33% of our workforce and from the total management roles, 42% are held by women—reflecting our progress in building 
a more inclusive leadership pipeline.
With a workforce spanning multiple generations, we embrace the strengths of both experienced professionals and emerging 
talent. This balance fosters knowledge sharing, adaptability and long-term business sustainability.
2022 2023 2024

--- Page 73 ---
P . 71
Annual Report 2024
Social
Total Number of Employees Employee Breakdown by Gender
Employee Breakdown by Age Group
Employee Breakdown by Employee Category
28% 30% 33%
23% 30% 27%
72% 70% 67%
61%
16%
62%
32% 50% 40%
65%
8%
68% 50% 60%
8%
Female
<30 years
Management
Male
30-50 years
Executive
>50 years
2022 2023
2023
2023
2024
2024
2022
2022
2022 2023 2024
324
283282
2024
Our support extends beyond pregnancy, as we prioritise employees’ parental responsibilities by offering generous leave options. 
Our female employees enjoy up to 6 months of paid maternity leave while our male employees are entitled to 20 working days of 
paid paternity leave. These enable parents to spend the necessary time caring for their child after birth or adoption, ensuring they 
can balance their personal and professional lives effectively.
Initiatives to Drive D&I
We strive to support our employees throughout various stages of their life journey by fostering a workplace that is both inclusive 
and accommodating.
To create a more inclusive workplace for women, we have implemented policies and initiatives designed to address the unique 
needs of women. For expectant and new mothers, we offer updated parental leave and flexible working arrangements. Expectant 
mothers in field-based roles, for example, have the option to transition to desk-bound duties during their pregnancy if they choose. 
Additionally, insights from our female employees have guided us in introducing specific measures, such as flexible working 
arrangements during the menstrual cycle for women based in the National Sales Team, as well as amenities like nursing and 
prayer rooms at sales offices and priority parking for expectant mothers.
* 2022 and 2023 numbers have been restated based on the updated employee category definition.

--- Page 74 ---
P . 72
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Social
ATTRACTING TALENT
Our efforts to attract and hire top talent start by cultivating a strong employer brand and fostering a reputation that resonates 
with potential candidates, thereby positioning ourselves as a preferred workplace.
In 2024, we welcomed 64 external hires, with 70% bringing valuable expertise from diverse industries. This cross-industry talent 
infusion has further enriched our organisation, fostering innovation and enhancing our ability to adapt to new challenges and 
opportunities
67%
72%
1%
32%
28%
<30 years 30-50 years >50 years
Female Male
Flexible Work Arrangements
We recognise that workplace flexibility is essential to attracting 
high-performing employees, providing for their well-being and 
enhancing their agility and productivity.
To meet this imperative, we continue to drive a flexible work 
arrangement and a work from anywhere policy, both designed 
to balance business needs with employee preferences. The 
flexible work arrangement allows employees to work remotely 
up to two days per week, while the work from anywhere policy 
enables staff to work from any location in Malaysia for up to 
four weeks per year.
These initiatives promote better work-life integration, fostering 
a more productive, empowered and motivated workforce.
By Age Group
By Gender
53% 53%
43%
65%47% 47%
57%
35%
2022
2022
2023
2023
2024
2024
Fair Employment Practices
We uphold fair employment practices and are committed 
to fostering an inclusive workforce across all levels of 
the organisation. To this end, we strictly adhere to non-
discriminatory policies, ensuring equal opportunities across 
our hiring, promotion, remuneration and selection processes.
Our policies guarantee equal treatment for all qualified 
candidates, regardless of gender, race, disability, nationality, 
religion or age. We also strictly comply with local labour 
laws, regulations and cultural practices and regularly review 
employment data and statistics to assess and improve our 
workforce diversity.

--- Page 75 ---
P.  7 3
Annual Report 2024
Social
We offer the following benefits to all permanent employees:
Our Values
Our values act as a clear and authentic guide to shape our culture and behaviours. 
They underpin our purpose for A Better Tomorrow™ and our ambition to build a Smokeless World. Our values have a clear 
connection with our strategy and purpose, emphasising D&I; empowerment and collaboration; and organisational agility, to deliver 
sustainable growth.
Through our values, we strive to empower our people and foster an exciting and rewarding workplace.
 Medical benefits
 Leave: Annual, hospitalisation, medical, parental, marriage, 
study, examination, caregivers, compassionate, enrichment 
and pilgrimage
 Performance bonus
 Group Term Life Insurance
 Group Personal Accident Insurance
 Employees’ Provident Fund (EPF)
 Stock ownership (depending on grade)
 Company vehicle and monthly allowance (depending on 
grade)
 Flexible benefits
 Long Service Awards
 Employee Assistance Programme
Truly Inclusive
We embrace diversity and 
celebrate our differences  
We are curious and 
safeguard the right to say 
what you think
We debate constructively 
yet progress together
Do The Right Thing
We act with integrity to 
achieve results
We care about our impact 
on society and our planet 
We are thoughtful in our 
decision making
Love Our Consumer
We understand the 
consumer better than 
anyone
We are obsessed with 
innovation and our brands
We have the courage to 
test, fail fast, and learn to 
improve
Passion To Win
We equally value “How” 
and “What”, and go the 
extra mile for success
We prioritise effectively 
and act like owners of 
our business
We own our purpose 
with determination 
and resilience
Empowered Through Trust
We start with trust and 
believe in each other
We ensure decisions are 
made at the right level
We understand that 
empowerment comes 
with accountability
Stronger Together
We pull together as one 
team, through good 
and bad
We collaborate beyond 
borders and functions
We help each other 
grow and succeed

--- Page 76 ---
P.  74
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Social
Digital Talent Branding
Digital channels such as LinkedIn are central to our talent 
acquisition strategy, providing us with valuable insights, 
analytics and the ability to deliver targeted content to top-
quality talent.
We collaborate closely with our GBS recruitment teams to 
streamline the recruitment process, aligning strategies to 
meet our business objectives. Our recruitment efforts are 
further supported by advanced digital assessments such as 
Pymetrics and IMPACT, which enable us to precisely identify 
high-potential candidates while offering an engaging and 
holistic experience for applicants.
Battle of Minds 2024
We continue to drive innovation through our flagship annual 
event, Battle of Minds, a global competition led by BAT Group.
The event empowers university students and professionals 
to present groundbreaking solutions that drive meaningful 
change, helping us identify forward-thinking talent nationwide.
In 2024, the competition embraced global themes centered 
around products and artificial intelligence in the wellness and 
stimulation space. Through strategic social media campaigns, 
university engagements and career fairs, we reached over 
2,000 students and graduates, engaging thousands of aspiring 
talents nationwide.
The year also marked the competition’s highest participation 
numbers since its inception in Malaysia in 2021, with 453 
registrations and 76 idea submissions. This exceptional 
performance earned us a spot among the top 3 end markets 
worldwide within the BAT Group, showcasing our rising 
prominence in fostering forward-thinking talent.
The Malaysia Finals featured three innovative ideas, with the 
winning team, MindSync, advancing to represent Malaysia on 
the global stage. Their revolutionary solution, the MindSync 
Ecosystem, exemplifies the perfect synergy of technology 
and sustainability. Powered by Agentic AI, it offers real-time 
brainwave monitoring, a personalized MindSync App and a 
data-driven dashboard, advancing mental health management 
and wellness innovation.
FOSTERING WORKFORCE ENGAGEMENT
Digitalised Onboarding Experience
We continue to enhance the onboarding experience with the 
digital platform Enboarder, specifically designed to assist and 
guide new employees on their first day of work, even before 
they officially set foot in the workplace.
Enboarder provides new employees with essential information, 
including an overview of our corporate purpose, strategy, 
business conduct expectations (via the SoBC) and training and 
development opportunities. In 2024, more than 60 new joiners 
benefited from the platform.
New Joiner Sharing Session
New joiners can engage with senior leaders in a casual 
meet-and-greet session as part of our onboarding process.  
This session helps them establish connections and integrate 
into the organisation with ease.

--- Page 77 ---
P.  7 5
Annual Report 2024
Social
Employee Engagement Activities
Our employee engagement activities have rebounded strongly 
since the COVID-19 pandemic, offering a wide variety of 
huddles, away days, celebrations and events in 2024. Many 
of these activities were centered around annual festive 
celebrations such as Lunar New Year, Hari Raya and Diwali, 
providing employees with the opportunity to come together 
and build stronger bonds.
Employee Wellness
Our comprehensive Employee Assistance Programme is 
guided by the Wheel of Wellness, with initiatives offered across 
four key pillars: physical, emotional, financial and occupational 
wellness.
In 2024, we implemented a monthly half-day dedicated 
solely to wellness. In addition, we introduced various 
other wellness initiatives, including a physical wellness 
programme specifically tailored for our field force employees.  
This programme aimed to enhance our sales team's overall 
health and fitness through various activities, including BMI 
checks, salad-making sessions and group exercise sessions 
led by a professional fitness coach.
In line with our commitment to holistic well-being, we 
encourage greater participation in Naluri, a digital coaching 
platform available to all BAT Malaysia employees. Naluri offers 
a range of resources to help employees achieve their healthiest 
and best selves.


--- Page 78 ---
P.  7 6
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Social
Employee Volunteering
Beyond Benih—which means 'beyond seeds' in English—was 
launched in 2022 as a community investment programme 
aimed at enhancing food security among financially vulnerable 
communities in Malaysia. Through community-led farm 
garden projects, Beyond Benih empowers urban and rural B40 
communities to cultivate fruits and vegetables in community-
led farm gardens, fostering resilience.
A cornerstone of Beyond Benih's success is the passionate 
involvement of our employees. As part of our Employee 
Volunteer Programme, our team members spent half–a day in 
four farm gardens, working alongside the RAs in cleaning and 
maintaining the gardens and building infrastructure.
RECOGNISING & REWARDING TALENT
Building Tomorrow Recognition
Our reward and recognition programmes - including the 
Building Tomorrow Awards and the Leadership Team Award 
– are designed to honour and celebrate high-performing 
employees, catalysing continued growth and even greater 
contributions.
Our vision is to create simple, consistent, meaningful, and 
memorable recognition that enhances our global employee 
experience. This empowers employees to value one another 
in our pursuit of innovation and high performance. In 2024 
alone, a total of 485 Building Tomorrow Award nominations 
were awarded to 219 distinct recipients out of 283 employees. 
This highlights the depth of our recognition culture and our 
collective commitment to celebrating excellence.
Long Service Awards
We proudly celebrate employees who have completed 10, 20, 
or 30 years of service through our Long Service Awards and 
honour retiring employees for their dedication and lasting 
contributions to the organisation.


--- Page 79 ---
P.  7 7
Annual Report 2024
Social
Recognition for BAT Malaysia’s People, Diversity and Culture 
Practices
Our unwavering dedication to forging an engaged, inspired 
and dynamic workplace was recognised with several leading 
accolades in 2024.
Top Employer
2024 marks the 7th consecutive year that we have been honored 
with the 'Top Employer' award by the Top Employers Institute. 
This achievement not only underscores our dedication to 
nurturing a thriving company culture but also strengthens 
our resolve in driving towards our purpose of building A Better 
Tomorrow™ and is further solidified by our recognition as a Top 
Employer in the Asia Pacific Region and our position as one of 
the 15 certified Global Top Employers worldwide.
Graduates' Choice Award
We are proud to be ranked No. 1 in the Tobacco category at 
Talentbank’s 2025 Graduates' Choice of Employer to Work 
For award. This prestigious accolade, which is highly regarded 
across the Asia-Pacific region, garners 100% of its votes from 
top-tier university students across Malaysia, reinforcing our 
standing as an employer of choice.
Life at Work Awards
We are honored to be ranked No. 1 in the 'Technology for 
Inclusion' category at TalentCorp’s Life at Work Awards, 
which recognises companies that excel in diversity, equity and 
inclusion.
GRADUAN Brand Awards
We earned the 2 nd runner-up position in the 'Malaysia's 
Most Preferred Employer in the FMCG sector' category at 
the GRADUAN Brand Awards. With over 120,000 talents 
participating in the voting process, this prestigious recognition 
underscores our ongoing efforts to create an attractive, 
supportive workplace that resonates with Malaysia's top 
talent.
These accolades not only celebrate our individual and collective 
achievements but also serve as a source of inspiration for 
our future endeavors. We eagerly anticipate another year of 
excellence and continued success together as a company.


--- Page 80 ---
P . 78
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Social
Human Rights
BAT Malaysia's 2024 Performance
The BAT Group’s SoBC, which has been localised by BAT Malaysia provides the framework for our approach to 
human rights. It guides our engagements with stakeholders, through which we identify and mitigate human 
rights risks within our operations and stay aligned with our human rights targets. In addition, we consistently 
implement appropriate measures and take necessary remedial actions to prevent human rights violations from 
occurring across our operations.
Our approach is further guided by our employment principles, which ensure fair treatment for all employees 
and uphold workplace-related human rights. These principles were developed in line with local labour laws and 
practices and form the foundation of our policies and procedures.
Based on the principles, we have incorporated policies and practices at BAT Malaysia that aim to:
• Ensure equal opportunities and non-discrimination.
• Foster internal communication to encourage the free flow of ideas.
• Support worker representation and promote freedom of association.
• Maintain fairness at work and enforce zero tolerance for harassment and bullying.
• Stand against all forms of child labour and forced labour.
• Promote performance responsibility.
• Uphold responsibility concerning health, safety, and the environment.
• Invest in community and employee skills development, particularly in our markets.
• Provide personal development and learning opportunities.
• Implement reasonable working hours for employees and establish family-friendly policies.
• Offer fair, just, and competitive remuneration and benefits packages.
We work with our suppliers — including contractors, service providers, and distributors — to support them 
in upholding similar human rights practices throughout their supply chains and comply with the SCoC. This 
requirement is included as part of all contractual agreements, and full cooperation with the SCoC is required 
for suppliers to maintain their business relationship with us. Accordingly, we have the right to investigate any 
instances of non-compliance, and if confirmed, we have the right to terminate contractual agreements with 
the offending suppliers duly.
Furthermore, our suppliers are expected to maintain high standards of business ethics and integrity. This 
includes preventing conflicts of interest, bribery, corruption, sanctions violations, tax evasion and illicit trade. 
BAT Malaysia’s Approach
Our business and supply chain spans several sectors, including tobacco and raw material supply and 
manufacturing, and involves inherent human rights considerations.
We are committed to respecting the human rights of our employees, partners, and the communities in 
which we operate.
Our approach is guided by BAT Group’s strategy and international standards, including the United Nations 
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and 
Development (OECD) Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises. Our commitment to human rights is also 
reflected in the 'Human Rights' and 'Our Operations' sections of BAT Group’s SoBC and the Supplier Code of 
Conduct (SCoC).
Specifically, we aim to achieve zero child labour in our tobacco supply chain and seek to respect human 
rights across our operations
BAT Malaysia’s Ambition
Aiming for zero child labour in our tobacco supply chain by 2025.
NO 
Reported 
incidents 
of child 
labour in 
our supply 
chain
2024
Highlights

--- Page 81 ---
P.  7 9
Annual Report 2024
Social
Employee Health and Safety 
ZERO 
Serious 
injuries and 
fatalities
2024
Highlights
BAT Malaysia’s Approach
We are committed to providing a safe and healthy working environment for our employees and contractors. 
Our ambition is to keep our people safe along with the communities we operate in. Our approach is 
defined in our Integrated Environmental, Health and Safety Management System, which offers guidelines 
on occupational health and safety across the business. Our EHS roadmap allows for the efficacious 
implementation of safety practices. Effectiveness is gauged by measuring our performance against set 
targets.
BAT Malaysia’s Ambition
Aiming to maintain zero accidents across all business operations.
BAT Malaysia's 2024 Performance
We implement a wide range of initiatives to foster a culture of workplace safety and empower our employees 
to perform at their best. This commitment begins with each employee’s onboarding process, receiving health 
and safety training during their induction and continuing relevant training such as defensive driving throughout 
their journey with the organisation.
We enhanced our approach this year by introducing tailored training at each site office. This initiative, 
which starts with a comprehensive workplace assessment, aligns with the latest amendment to Malaysia’s 
Occupational Safety and Health Act, emphasising employers' and employees' shared roles and responsibilities 
in maintaining a safe work environment. Through these efforts, we aim to ensure every employee is well-
equipped to contribute to a safe and productive workplace.
In addition, we continued our focus on fleet vehicle safety. Recognising that field-based employees are exposed 
to higher risks, we have introduced a new global platform, 'Halo Insight', to monitor and enhance fleet safety. 
This platform gives us insight into driver behaviour based on a scoring system and feedback from onboard the 
telematics system which helps ensure our fleet operates in the safest possible conditions.
EHS Policy and Steering Committee
An EHS Policy governs our workplace health and safety and the Operations Director chairs our Steering 
Committee. This Committee provides direction, support and guidance to support the continuous development 
of EHS management. Meetings are held twice a year to discuss the following:
• Review and assessment of BAT Malaysia’s EHS Policy, management systems and programmes.
• Implementation of actions compliant with laws, regulations and EHS policy objectives.
• Review of maintenance programmes.
• Engagement with external stakeholders.
• Management of employee self-assessment reviews based on the EHS Road Map.
• Decision-making processes concerning critical issues, budget timing and targets.

--- Page 82 ---
P . 80
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Social
Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment
We work to eliminate hazards and risks throughout our operations by proactively identifying potential threats through Hazard Identification, 
Risk Assessment and Risk Control. This approach helps us to maintain a work environment that safeguards the health and well-being of 
our employees. Our comprehensive EHS Policy continues to cover the entire workforce, reinforcing our commitment to maintaining a safe 
working environment.
Occupational Health and Safety Performance
We encourage all employees to incorporate safety measures into their daily activities and promptly report any safety risks or near misses 
to our EHS teams through the Near Miss Reporting process. In the year under review, there have been no serious accidents or Lost Time 
Injuries to our employees and contractors.
Defensive Driving Course
We are committed to ensuring the well-being and safety of our employees who spend significant time on the road. To this end, we conduct 
defensive driving training, equipping employees to identify potential road hazards and make prudent decisions in emergencies.
In 2024, we conducted 42 defensive driving sessions, engaging 92 employees in interactive training. These sessions provided essential 
skills for safe vehicle operation and helped instill a culture of safety and responsibility. In addition to basic first aid, the training covered 
crucial vehicle safety checks and proactive actions to prevent accidents.
Moving forward, we will strive to continually enhance our safety practices to ensure that every employee returns home safely after work.
Recognition for Excellence in Occupational Safety and Health
In 2024, we were honoured to receive the highest accolade from the Malaysian Occupational Safety and Health Practitioners’ Association 
(MOSHPA) for the 6th consecutive year — the Diamond Award at the 20th MOSHPA OSH Excellence Awards. Winning the Diamond Award, 
the highest recognition in our industry, highlights our dedication to workplace safety. It underscores our continuous efforts to uphold 
health and safety standards across our operations. This award is more than a milestone — it reaffirms our leadership in promoting a health 
and safety culture.


--- Page 83 ---
P . 81
Annual Report 2024
Social
Communities, Social Impact and Well-being
Ten new 
farm gardens 
established with 
an investment of 
RM655,830
2024
Highlights
An estimated 
88,966 
beneficiaries 
were supported 
from 2022 to 
31 December 
2024
BAT Malaysia’s Approach
Our approach to community investment is localised to address the specific needs of Malaysian communities. 
In 2022, we assessed these needs by conducting desktop research and engaging with our stakeholders to 
understand the issues faced by communities in Malaysia. This process helped develop a localised strategy 
and action plan to make a positive social impact.
Our flagship programme, Beyond Benih, focuses on enhancing food security in vulnerable communities. 
In alignment with the Ministry of Housing and Local Government’s Urban Community Garden Policy, we 
developed a methodology aimed at helping communities establish farm gardens to meet their food needs. 
We converted this methodology into standard operating procedures, which act as guidelines for all parties 
involved in the programme.
In addition to this, we continue to provide donations to support members of vulnerable community 
members, reinforcing our commitment to making a tangible difference.
BAT Malaysia’s Ambition
Aiming to support an estimated 250,000 beneficiaries by 2026 through the Beyond Benih programme.
Beyond Benih: Enhancing Food Security in Vulnerable Communities
In 2022, we launched our flagship community investment programme, 
“Beyond Benih.” This programme supports vulnerable B40 communities to 
establish and manage farm gardens to meet their food needs.
Beyond Benih is conducted in collaboration with the federal and state Departments of Agriculture (DOA), local 
authorities and the RAs of the beneficiary communities. It provides RAs with funding, resources, knowledge 
transfer and technical support via relevant experts such as the DOA and Federal Agricultural Marketing 
Authority (FAMA). We aim to help create independent, prosperous and environmentally conscious agricultural 
communities capable of achieving food self-sufficiency.
BAT Malaysia's 2024 Performance

--- Page 84 ---
P . 82
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Social
The Department of Agriculture recognised BAT 
Malaysia’s community farm garden programme, 
“Beyond Benih”, as a strategic partner in its 
efforts to support food security for Malaysia.
Source: British American Tobacco uphold food security in Malaysia - March 1, 2024 – Business Times
12-MONTH FUNDING PROVIDED BY BAT Malaysia
• Provide funding across a 12-month period to set up and run the farm gardens. (No cash handouts).
• Ensure good governance through SOP .
• Continuously monitor progress and provide field support via the Service Provider.
• Facilitate connections between the stakeholders and RAs particularly to provide troubleshooting support when needed.
TRAINING & TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE BY DOA
• Work with BAT Malaysia to identify suitable communities and RAs to receive support.
• Recommend appropriate crops for farm gardens based on location and soil conditions.
• Recommend agriculture technologies and input resources to be used by the RAs. (BAT Malaysia's funding is based on 
these recommendations for each farm garden)
• Provide training and technical support to RAs.
• Assist the RAs in applying for MyGAP Certification.
• Monitor the progress and quality assurance.
OPERATED BY RAs
• Establish farm gardens and infrastructure with guidance from the District DOA and BAT Malaysia.
• Manage the project in accordance with the SOPs.
• Keep documentation updated at every stage of the project stages.
• Ensure the long-term sustainability of the farm gardens.
A COLLABORATIVE APPROACH

--- Page 85 ---
P . 83
Annual Report 2024
Social
Beyond Benih is underscored by the belief that thriving, resilient communities are built through empowerment. On this note, Beyond 
Benih has supported selected communities to:
• Establish and maintain farm gardens successfully;
• Sell at least 60% of the crop to the communities at a subsidised price of 30% below market rate;
• Develop commercialisation plans to generate income and sustain their farm gardens;
• Create additional revenue streams for RA members; and
• Support rural farmers to enhance their skills and improve livelihoods.
40%
of produce sold at 
market prices to 
generate reveue to 
sustain the gardens
60%
of produce sold to 
beneficiaries at 30% 
less than the market 
price to support food 
security
PROGRAMME MODEL
CONTINUING TO INCREASE OUR REACH
*Cumulative number of beneficiaries.
The number of beneficiaries added to the programme each year can vary based on the low-income population in the community and the land area available for each 
farm garden, which is why we maintain a range in the expected beneficiaries.
2022
 2023
 2024
 2025
~ 14,000
Beneficiaries
(2022-2023)
~ 20 RA Members
Livelihood
Opportunities
80 - 100K*
Beneficiaries
(2022-2024)
100 - 140 RA Members
Livelihood
Opportunities
150 - 185K*
Beneficiaries
(2022-2025)
200 - 240 RA Members
Livelihood
Opportunities
~ 250K*
Beneficiaries
(2022-2026)
300 - 340 RA Members
Livelihood
Opportunities
02 Pilot Projects
National Expansion
10 new sites 10 new sites 10 new sites

--- Page 86 ---
P . 84
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Social
EXPANSION OF THE PROGRAMME
As at 31 December 2022
As at 31 December 2023
SELANGOR
KUALA SELANGOR
Kebun Komuniti Sungai
Gulang-Gulang
9,324 Beneficiaries *
SELANGOR
KUALA SELANGOR
Kebun Komuniti Sungai
Gulang-Gulang
9,324 Beneficiaries *
KEDAH
KULIM
Persatuan Kebun Komuniti
Taman Serai Setia
2,218 Beneficiaries *
KUALA LUMPUR
AMPANG
Pertubuhan Kebun Komuniti
Hiliran Ampang
5,116 Beneficiaries *
N. SEMBILAN
GEMENCHEH
Kebun Komuniti Masjid
Kampung Tengah
2,240 Beneficiaries *
JOHOR
PASIR GUDANG
Kebun Komuniti Jalan Duku
2,812 Beneficiaries *
TERENGGANU
AJIL
Kebun Komuniti Masjid
Kampung Tok Randok
4,304 Beneficiaries *
SELANGOR
TAMAN BUKIT SUBANG
Kebun Komuniti Pangsapuri 
Melati
8,198 Beneficiaries *
SELANGOR
TAMAN BUKIT SUBANG
Kebun Komuniti Pangsapuri 
Melati
8,198 Beneficiaries *
KEDAH
KULIM
Kebun Komuniti Taman Angsana
7 ,050 Beneficiaries *
SELANGOR
SERI KEMBANGAN
Persatuan Kebun Komuniti
Pangsapuri Kenari
13,289 Beneficiaries *
 JOHOR
PASIR GUDANG
Kebun Komuniti Jiranita Bacang
6,003 Beneficiaries *
TERENGGANU
MARANG
Kebun Komuniti Masjid
Pengkalan Berangan
3,269 Beneficiaries *
SELANGOR
HULU SELANGOR
Persatuan Kebun Komuniti
Pangsapuri Seri Bakawali
25,142 Beneficiaries *
* Total estimated beneficiaries as provided by the RAs.
* Total estimated beneficiaries as provided by the RAs.

--- Page 87 ---
P . 85
Annual Report 2024
Social
* Total estimated beneficiaries as provided by the RAs.
** The 10 gardens established in 2024 are still under development, and the beneficiaries will not be included until Q2 2025.
As at 31 December 2024 *
SELANGOR
KUALA SELANGOR
Kebun Komuniti Sungai 
Gulang-Gulang
9,324 Beneficiaries *
KEDAH
KULIM
Persatuan Kebun Komuniti
Taman Serai Setia
2,218 Beneficiaries *
KEDAH
KUALA MUDA
Kebun Komuniti Taman Peruda
9,828 Beneficiaries *
TERENGGANU
KUALA TERENGGANU
Kebun Komuniti Kampung
Padang Sena
3,739 Beneficiaries *
PAHANG
KUALA LIPIS
Kebun Komuniti Dapur Sungai 
Koyan
14,693 Beneficiaries *
N. SEMBILAN
JELEBU
Kebun Komuniti Felda Pasoh 1
1,465 Beneficiaries *
N. SEMBILAN
KUALA PILAH
Kebun Komuniti Kampung 
Temeris
3,490 Beneficiaries *
JOHOR
KLUANG
Kebun Komuniti Kampung
Dato Abdul Rahman Yassin
2,117 Beneficiaries *
MELAKA
MELAKA TENGAH
Kompleks Perikanan LKIM
Muara Sungai Duyong
7 ,847 Beneficiaries *
MELAKA
MERLIMAU
Kebun Komuniti Kampung Seri
Mendapat
2,056 Beneficiaries *
JOHOR
KOTA TINGGI
Kebun Komuniti KRT Kota Jaya A
14,095 Beneficiaries *
SELANGOR
KUALA SELANGOR
Kebun Komuniti Kampung Jaya 
Setia
7 ,980 Beneficiaries *
KUALA LUMPUR
AMPANG
Pertubuhan Kebun Komuniti
Hiliran Ampang
5,116 Beneficiaries *
N. SEMBILAN
GEMENCHEH
Kebun Komuniti Masjid
Kampung Tengah
2,240 Beneficiaries *
JOHOR
PASIR GUDANG
Kebun Komuniti Jalan Duku
2,812 Beneficiaries *
TERENGGANU
AJIL
Kebun Komuniti Masjid
Kampung Tok Randok
4,304 Beneficiaries *
SELANGOR
TAMAN BUKIT SUBANG
Kebun Komuniti Pangsapuri 
Melati
8,198 Beneficiaries *
KEDAH
KULIM
Kebun Komuniti Taman Angsana
7 ,050 Beneficiaries *
SELANGOR
SERI KEMBANGAN
Persatuan Kebun Komuniti
Pangsapuri Kenari
13,289 Beneficiaries *
JOHOR
PASIR GUDANG
Kebun Komuniti Jiranita Bacang
6,003 Beneficiaries *
TERENGGANU
MARANG
Kebun Komuniti Masjid
Pengkalan Berangan
3,269 Beneficiaries *
SELANGOR
HULU SELANGOR
Persatuan Kebun Komuniti
Pangsapuri Seri Bakawali
25,142 Beneficiaries *
subject to land approval

--- Page 88 ---
P . 86
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Social
2022
2023
Pangsapuri Melati, Taman Bukit Subang, Selangor
Hiliran Ampang, Kuala Lumpur
Masjid Kampung Tengah, 
Gemencheh, Negeri Sembilan
Taman Angsana, Kulim, Kedah
Jiranita Bacang, Pasir Gudang,
Johor
Masjid Kampung Tok Randok, Ajil, 
Terengganu
Jalan Duku, Pasir Gudang, Johor
Masjid Pengkalan Berangan, 
Marang, Terengganu
Taman Serai Setia, Kulim, Kedah
Pangsapuri Kenari, Seri Kembangan, 
Selangor
Seri Bakawali, Hulu Selangor, 
Selangor
Sungai Gulang-Gulang, Kuala Selangor, Selangor
OUR GARDENS AT A GLIMPSE

--- Page 89 ---
P.  8 7
Annual Report 2024
Social
2024
Sungai Koyan, Kuala Lipis, Pahang Felda Pasoh 1, Jelebu, Negeri Sembilan
Kota Jaya A, Kota Tinggi, Johor LKIM Muara Sungai Duyong, Melaka Tengah, Melaka
Kampung Padang Sena, Kuala Terengganu, Terengganu Kampung Seri Mendapat, Merlimau, Melaka
Kampung Dato Abdul Rahman Yassin, Kluang, Johor Kampung Temeris, Kuala Pilah, Negeri Sembilan
Kampung Jaya Setia, Kuala Selangor, Selangor

--- Page 90 ---
P . 88
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Social
No Year List of Beyond Benih Farm Gardens Estimated Total 
Households 
(Declared by RAs) 
Estimated Total 
Population
Estimated Total 
B40 Households 
(Declared by RAs) 
 Estimated 
Beneficiaries13 
(Census 3.8 pax 
per household)
1 2022 Kebun Komuniti Pangsapuri Melati,
Taman Bukit Subang, Selangor
3,082 11,712 2,157 8,198
2 2022 Kebun Komuniti Sungai Gulang-Gulang,
Tanjung Karang, Selangor
3,775 14,345 2,454 9,324
3 2023 Kebun Komuniti Jiranta Bacang, Pasir Gudang, 
Johor
2,633 10,005 1,580 6,003
4 2023 Kebun Komuniti Jalan Duku, Pasir Gudang, Johor 925 3,515 740 2,812
5 2023 Kebun Komuniti Masjid Kampung Tengah, 
Gemencheh, Negeri Sembilan
1,371 5,210 590 2,240
6 2023 Kebun Komuniti Pangsapuri Kenari,
Seri Kembangan, Selangor
5,380 20,444 3,497 13,289
7 2023 Kebun Komuniti Pangsapuri Seri Bakawali,
Hulu Selangor, Selangor
9,452 35,918 6,616 25,142
8 2023 Kebun Komuniti Hiliran Ampang,
Kuala Lumpur
1,683 6,395 1,346 5,116
9 2023 Kebun Komuniti Taman Angsana, Kulim, Kedah 2,319 8,812 1,855 7,0 5 0
10 2023 Kebun Komuniti Serai Setia, Kulim, Kedah 834 3,169 584 2,218
11 2023 Kebun Komuniti Masjid Tok Randok, Ajil, 
Terengganu
1,510 5,738 1,133 4,304
12 2023 Kebun Komuniti Masjid Pengkalan Berangan,
Marang, Terengganu
1,012 3,846 860 3,269
  TOTAL 33,976 129,109 23,412 88,965
13 The Estimated Total Beneficiaries reported here cover only the twelve farm gardens established between 2022 – 2023. This is calculated based on the Number of 
B40 Households declared by the Residents’ Associations multiplied by 3.8 (average number of individuals per Malaysian household according to the Department of 
Census and Statistics).

--- Page 91 ---
P . 89
Annual Report 2024
Social
PROGRAMME DESIGN
We developed a step-by-step SOP to guide the establishment of each farm garden. Published as a booklet, the SOP is distributed to each 
RA upon their registration to the programme. Each project progresses through three distinct phases from inception until graduation.
PHASE 1PHASE 2 PHASE 3
SELECT COMMUNITIES FOR BEYOND BENIH PROGRAMME
• Select areas to set up community farm gardens.
• Obtain site (farm garden location) approvals.
• Select suitable communities to support (eligible communities must consist 
of minimum of 70% low-income families).
SET UP AND OPERATE COMMUNITY FARM GARDENS
• Prepare community farm garden 
layout plan and obtain land approval.
• Train RAs and provide the 
Community Farming Handbook. 
DOA staff conduct initial class room 
training followed by regular on-site 
training.
• Purchase materials and equipment 
required to set up farm gardens.
• Develop a farming strategy and crop 
management plan.
• Construct infrastructure.
COMMERCIAL OPERATIONS
• Sell produce to beneficiaries.
• Consolidate and monitor monthly operating costs.
• Obtain MyGAP certification.
• Prepare for BAT Malaysia's exit (end of funding).
• Develop commercialisation plan 
with inputs from DOA and FAMA.
• Plant crops and maintain the farm 
garden.
• Register for MyGAP certification. 
(full process can take six to twelve 
months)
• Start registering community 
members and issuing subsidiary 
cards. (this is in voluntary basis)
• Work with RAs and DOA/FAMA to 
support commercialisation.

--- Page 92 ---
P . 90
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Social
ENSURING THE SUSTAINABILITY OF BEYOND BENIH FARM GARDENS
We have implemented several measures to help ensure the continued sustainability of the farm gardens after the funding period 
concludes.
Commercialisation: RAs are encouraged to cultivate at least one commercial crop to be sold at market prices, with the generated revenue 
reinvested to support the maintenance and operation of the farm gardens. Occasionally, the DOA facilitates introductions between the 
RAs and third parties interested in purchasing their entire commercial crop for local consumption or export. FAMA provides training in 
basic marketing techniques, empowering RA members to run their own small businesses.
MyGAP Certification: BAT Malaysia helps RAs to apply for MyGAP certification during the first year. Once achieved, this certification can 
help RAs explore export opportunities for their commercial crops.
“The Beyond Benih programme truly has been 
a transformative experience for us. We have 
been introduced to various new and innovative 
farming methods that have upskilled us, 
improved our livelihood and strengthened 
bonds within our community. On behalf of the 
RAs, we are truly blessed and thankful to BAT 
Malaysia for the opportunity given throughout 
our involvement in this programme.”
Encik Ayub Fakhri bin Daim-RA- Kebun Komuniti Kampung Sungai 
Gulang-Gulang
HOW THE PROGRAMME BENEFITS MALAYSIA
In 2024, we conducted a survey to assess the impact of the Beyond Benih programme since its inception in 2022. Over 4,000 
questionnaires were sent to residents in the communities where the farm gardens had been established. Recipients include both 
RA members and members of the community. We received over 1,800 responses, offering valuable insights into how Beyond Benih 
benefits communities and highlighting improvement areas.
Feedback from RA Members
The survey covered 12 RAs actively managing farm gardens under Beyond Benih. 10 new farm gardens, registered in October 2024, were 
still setting up infrastructure and not fully operational as of 31 December 2024. Thus, the data presented below reflects only the 12 fully 
operational farm gardens. The survey targeting RA members received over 100 responses.


--- Page 93 ---
P . 91
Annual Report 2024
Social
“BAT Malaysia has taken bold steps to guide 
farm gardens so that these gardens can 
produce sufficient yields.
Considering the unpredictable weather in 
Malaysia, I request Beyond Benih programme 
to prioritise the construction of greenhouses in 
order to be more efficient."
En Mohd Tarmizi Bin Hj Anuar Head of RA, Pangsapuri Melati 19-20, 
Bukit Subang, Selangor
91% of RA members participated in the 
programme on a part-time basis to earn additional 
income source.
- The Beyond Benih programme model allows 
participants to supplement their earnings without 
requiring full-time commitment.
52% out of the 329 RA members involved in 
Beyond Benih Farm Gardens are women.
Majority of women in RAs reported a 20% or more increase in 
income by participating in the programme.


--- Page 94 ---
P . 92
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Social
74% of beneficiaries reported purchasing from 
the farm garden.
99.4% of beneficiaries agreed that farm 
garden produce is cheaper than market prices.
83% also reported that the programme effectively addresses food security in their respective communities.
40% of the beneficiaries reported purchasing 
from the gardens on weekly basis, showing demand for 
the crops grown in Beyond Benih farm gardens. 
99.9% of beneficiaries praised the quality 
and availability of the produce, highlighting the Beyond 
Benih farm gardens have successfully provided 
affordable, high-quality vegetables.
Feedback from Beneficiaries
“I applaud BAT Malaysia’s initiative to introduce 
the Beyond Benih farm garden within my 
area. This farm garden not only provides food 
security, but also offers prices at below market 
prices. This has reduced my dependency to 
purchase vegetables from the market. The 
produce from the Beyond Benih farm garden is 
fresh and high quality and I feel that this garden 
has the potential to flourish and become an 
active community hub for the surrounding 
residents.”
Pn. Khirosni binti Misbah, Jalan Canggung, Taman Pasir Putih for Kebun 
Komuniti Jalan Bacang, Pasir Gudang Johor
Key Learning: RAs need to maintain consistent high yields from the farm gardens to ensure they can meet the community's 
demand.
Key Learning: Further improvements such as offering more variety of vegetable and ensuring consistent high yields year-round 
are required to enhance the programme's impact further.

--- Page 95 ---
P.  9 3
Annual Report 2024
Social
The feedback from the survey highlighted the importance of community outreach programmes and offered valuable insights for enhancing 
Beyond Benih to make it even more inclusive. Based on the insights we are collaborating with our programme partners to refine the SOP 
and develop sustainable solutions to address challenges identified. Key actions to be taken include:
 Boost Beneficiary Registrations:
o BAT Malaysia will work with RAs and be directly 
involved through its service provider to ensure 
beneficiary registrations are conducted in an effective 
manner.
o Constant progress reviews will be carried out to 
ensure RAs are actively registering more members 
and including newer members of the community.
o Consistent communication plan will be implemented 
to raise awareness and promote farm gardens, 
encouraging greater participation.
 Boost Productivity:
o All newly established farm gardens launched from 
2024 onwards will start with a minimum 1,000 
polybags (referring to saplings/seedlings which are 
supplied in polybags) to generate sufficient yields from 
the farm gardens.
o BAT Malaysia will work closely with the DOA to review 
farm garden productivity and implement effective 
solutions to increase yield and variety.
 Access to Troubleshooting Resources:
o Work together with District DOAs to explore and 
introduce low-maintenance technologies that 
reduce the need for intensive supervision.
o Leverage on extension agents appointed by DOA 
to enhance technical support RAs.
o Ensure easy access to troubleshooting materials, 
such as ready handouts, to address issues quickly.
 Building the RA Network:
o Arrange visits between RAs to enhance information 
and experience sharing.
 Market Activation:
o Host frequent FAMA farmer markets at farm 
gardens to boost sales and visibility.

--- Page 96 ---
P.  9 4
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Responsibility and integrity are fundamental to how we run our business 
operations. Corporate governance is key to ensuring sustainable, long-term growth 
of our business in Malaysia. 
Governance

--- Page 97 ---
P . 95
Annual Report 2024
Governance
Ethics and Integrity
100%
Reported 
SoBC cases 
investigated
100%
Employees 
completed 
SoBC training 
and compliance 
sign-off
2024
Highlights
BAT Malaysia's Approach
We seek to ensure good corporate conduct by integrating ethics and integrity throughout our 
operations. Our standards extend to all employees, suppliers, and business partners and we are 
committed to never sacrificing these principles to deliver business results.
We have implemented a comprehensive suite of policies and standards supported by ongoing 
awareness and training programmes for our employees, contractors and business partners. Our 
expectations are clearly outlined in the BAT Group’s SoBC and the SCoC which has been localised 
by BAT Malaysia. These are further enhanced by procedures and tools introduced to identify and 
mitigate risks continuously.  Moreover, our employees are always encouraged to speak up in case 
of any breach or suspected violation.
'Ethics and Integrity' remains a principal material topic for BAT Malaysia and this section of the report 
discusses our performance during the reporting year.
BAT Malaysia's Targets
SoBC training and compliance sign-off procedures are completed by 100% of employees annually. 
100% of reported SoBC cases are investigated.
BAT Malaysia's 2024 Performance
Compliance
Adherence to all applicable laws and regulations, as well as internal policies, standards and guidelines, 
forms the foundation of our operation in Malaysia. We have adopted BAT Group’s policies and standards and 
established procedures to ensure that all our employees, contractors, and business partners are aware of 
them and comply accordingly.
Our employees are required to undergo online SoBC training annually, followed by a sign-off to acknowledge 
their compliance. In addition, we follow a risk-based approach to due diligence for our contractors and business 
partners through the Coupa Risk Assess (CRA) online system. We also require our third party affiliates to 
undergo assessments via 'Know-Your-Customer' (KYC) and 'Know-Your-Supplier' (KYS) policies.
Speak Up
Our 'Speak-Up' channels enable employees and third parties working with us to anonymously raise any 
concerns of non-compliance with the SoBC, without fear of reprisal. These channels are easily accessible via a 
designated hotline, an online portal, the mobile SoBC app, or through dedicated officers.
Compliance Training
We recognise the importance of ensuring that our employees are aware of and understand our policies and 
procedures regarding ethical behaviour. Regular refresher training sessions keep employees up to date with 
our policies. Additionally, regular communication through policy cascades and the SoBC app helps to embed 
ethical behaviour in our business practices.
In 2024, 100% of employees received SoBC training, while Supply Chain Compliance Procedure (SCCP) training 
was provided to employees in relevant roles.
Anti-Bribery and Corruption
Our third-party Anti-Financial Crimes Procedure promotes transparency and mitigates the risks of bribery and 
corruption, money laundering, terror financing, illicit trade, sanctions and tax evasion.

--- Page 98 ---
P . 96
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Governance
Responsible Marketing and Compliance
Adopted the BAT 
Group’s updated 
International 
Marketing 
Principles,
renamed 
Responsible 
Marketing 
Principles  
(RMP)
Worked closely 
with the 
government to 
reduce the illicit 
incidence to 
55% 
of the total 
illicit market in 
Malaysia
2024
Highlights
BAT Malaysia's Approach
To prioritise responsible marketing and transparent communication with our consumers, we adhere 
to all applicable laws, regulations and internal guidelines. Our responsible marketing approach is 
governed primarily by Malaysia’s Act 852 and its regulations, as well as the BAT Group’s RMPs.
We enforce stringent marketing standards and work closely with our employees, partners and 
customers to ensure effective implementation. Compliance with product regulations and clear, 
accurate labelling of products further support transparent and trustworthy product communication. 
We have established robust approval processes to uphold these standards and ensure that all 
communications are transparent.
Marketing freedoms with respect to our smokeless products are critical for our ability to deliver 
on Tobacco Harm Reduction. Through communication and raising awareness around reduced-
risk
*† smokeless products, we can support the acceleration in reducing smoking rates and in turn,  
smoking-related diseases. We emphasize the need for clear and meaningful product information, 
while also focusing on preventing underage access.
Additionally, we actively support the government’s efforts to fight the black market illicit trade, 
consistently advocating for stronger anti-smuggling measures, including tighter controls on cigarette 
imports and increased monitoring of suspicious activities. In line with the BAT Group’s Anti-Illicit Trade 
Policy, which is outlined in the SoBC, we maintain rigorous supply chain controls and take appropriate 
action when there is a risk of product smuggling or diversion.
BAT Malaysia's Ambitions
Aiming for zero incidents of significant non-compliance with marketing regulations. 
Full adherence to BAT Group’s RMP guidelines. 
Aiming for the reduction in total black market illicit incidence.
* Based on the weight of evidence and assuming a complete switch from cigarette smoking. These products are not risk-free and are 
addictive.
† Our vapour product Vuse (including Alto, Solo, Ciro, and Vibe), and certain products, including Velo, Grizzly, Kodiak, and Camel Snus, 
which are sold in the U.S., are subject to FDA regulation and no reduced-risk claims will be made as to these products without agency 
clearance.

--- Page 99 ---
P.  9 7
Annual Report 2024
Governance
Regulatory Compliance
We strictly adhere to all applicable laws and regulations 
in Malaysia. In 2024, there were no incidents of significant  
non-compliance.
Responsible Marketing
In addition to complying with Act 852 and its regulation, our 
marketing operations also follow the BAT Group’s RMPs. 
The RMPs provide clear guidance on product marketing and 
labelling, and include strict requirements to be accurate, 
responsible and targeted at adult consumers only. The RMPs 
are applied even when they are stricter than local laws.
The RMPs are designed to ensure our products are marketed 
strictly to adult consumers and do not target or appeal to the 
underage. Our marketing must be responsible, accurate and 
not misleading. It is directed at adult consumers, transparent 
and fully compliant with all relevant laws.
Our vapour products were the first in Malaysia to comply with 
the Standard and Industrial Research Institute of Malaysia 
(SIRIM) certification requirements.
Preventing Underage Access
Given the nature of our business, we are deeply committed 
to marketing our products responsibly and exclusively to 
adults. This commitment reflects the expectations of the BAT 
Group and applies across all subsidiary companies. We have 
established stringent procedures and measures to ensure 
compliance.
We comply with Act 852, which prohibits the trade of tobacco 
products to anyone under 18. We reinforced awareness of the 
minimum age law through retailer engagement and providing 
UAP messaging at Point-of-Sale Marketing (POSM).
To ensure responsible product delivery, we require our retailers 
and traders to comply with UAP guidelines. This message is 
communicated through retailer communications and displayed 
clearly on the prescribed signage mandated by Act 852.
We have also worked closely with our retailers to ensure 
compliance with the new regulations for vapour products 
under local laws. We have made efforts to support our retailers 
in complying with applicable laws.
Maintaining a Level-Playing Field
We consistently urge the government to strengthen  
anti-smuggling measures by enforcing stricter controls 
on cigarette imports and increasing surveillance along the 
Malaysian coastline and entry points, including private jetties. 
We also support introducing a special rewards scheme by 
the government for enforcement agencies as we believe 
the scheme will drive sustained efforts to curb smuggling 
activities.
In 2024, the incidence of the tobacco black market in Malaysia 
reduced to 55%. We continue to call on the government to 
implement measures to combat the tobacco black market, 
recover lost taxation revenue and address risks associated 
with the black market.
BAT Malaysia's 2024 Performance

--- Page 100 ---
P . 98
05. Sustainability01 02 03 04 06 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Governance
Sustainability Governance
Initiated work to 
adopt IFRS S2 
(climate-related 
risks) reporting 
standard
Conducted 
our first-ever 
climate-
workshop
2024
Highlights
BAT Malaysia's Approach
We continuously work to identify and manage sustainability risks and opportunities across our 
operations, relying on a well-established sustainability governance structure to achieve this.
Within this structure, the Board of Directors oversees our sustainability strategy, while the SC 
keeps the Board informed of updates and progress. The SC is also responsible for reviewing our 
strategy, goals and targets and monitoring our performance in achieving said goals and targets.
The Leadership Team drives strategic priorities with the support of BAT Malaysia’s CSO. The CSO 
provides quarterly progress updates to both the Leadership Team and the SC. Furthermore, the SC 
Chairperson presents a quarterly progress report to the Board of Directors.
While our sustainability strategy aligns with BAT Group’s overall framework, our priorities, goals, 
and targets are tailored to reflect the needs of our local stakeholders. We also leverage BAT Group’s 
sustainability resources, including an online environmental reporting system that helps us track 
data and monitor performance.
BAT Malaysia's Ambitions
Effective management of sustainability governance to ensure compliance with Bursa Malaysia’s 
MMLR.
Our Sustainability Governance Structure 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
• Approves BAT Malaysia's sustainability strategy - oversees sustainability efforts, including 
operationalising BAT Malaysia's sustainability strategy and identifying and managing 
sustainability-related risks.
• Approves initiatives addressing issues such as climate change, talent management, integrity, 
corruption, business conduct standards and risk management.
• Approves the annual budget to implement sustainability strategies and action plans.
SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE
• Reviews the sustainability strategy, performance against goals and targets and the annual 
sustainability budgets.
• Assesses sustainability-related policies, resource allocation and other relevant issues.
• Assesses the execution of sustainability matters in alignment with the strategies approved by 
the Board.
BAT Malaysia's 2024 Performance

--- Page 101 ---
P . 99
Annual Report 2024
Governance
Our Sustainability Governance Structure 
LEADERSHIP TEAM
• Ensures effective implementation of Board-approved strategies and plans.
• Oversees our Community Investment programme.
• Reviews the annual functional budget and allocates resources to support sustainability plans for the financial year.
• Tracks progress on sustainability initiatives, activities, goals and targets.
CHIEF SUSTAINABILITY OFFICER
• Reviews sustainability initiatives within each function and ensures sufficient resources are available to achieve planned 
objectives.
• Monitors and reports the progress of sustainability initiatives, activities, goals and targets to the Leadership Team and 
SC.
Ratings and Recognitions
In 2024, we maintained our 4-star rating in the FTSE Russell Index which assesses how well companies manage ESG matters.  
We are proud to maintain our 4-Star rating in the index, which as per Bursa’s definition represents companies with FTSE4Good 
ESG Rating of 3.7 or higher.
During the year, we also secured 1st place in the Industry Excellence category for Consumer Products and 6th place in the Overall 
Excellence category and Services at the MSWG - NACGSA 2024.

--- Page 102 ---


--- Page 103 ---
Our
Governance
This section provides insights on how BAT Malaysia continues to 
uphold transparent and ethical business practices and an overview 
of BAT Malaysia Group’s leadership, as well as the details of our 
governance and risk management practices.
SEC. 06
102 Board of Directors
110 Leadership Team
114 Corporate Governance Overview Statement
 • Principle A: Board Leadership and Effectiveness
 • Principle B: Effective Audit and Risk Management
 • Principle C: Integrity in Corporate Reporting and  
 Meaningful Relationships with Stakeholders
135 Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
143 Other Compliance Information

--- Page 104 ---
P . 102
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Board of Directors
1. NEDAL LOUAY SALEM
 Executive Director/Managing Director
1. ERIC OOI LIP AUN
 Independent Non-Executive Director
2. NORLIZA BINTI KAMARUDDIN
 Independent Non-Executive Director
3. ADRIAN LEE PENG YONG
 Executive Director/Finance Director
2. TAN SRI DATO’ SERI DR. ASEH BIN HAJI CHE MAT
 Independent Non-Executive Director/Chairman
4. DATUK CHRISTINE LEE OI KUAN
 Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
5. DATO’ CHAN CHOON NGAI
 Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
Sitting (from left to right):
Standing (from left to right):

--- Page 105 ---
P . 103
Annual Report 2024
Board of Directors
Qualifications:
• Degree in Economics from the University of Malaya, Malaysia
• Masters in Public Administration from the University of Southern 
California, United States of America (USA)
• Certificate in International Financial Administration from the 
University of Southern California, USA
• PhD (Honorary) in International Relations from Limkokwing 
University of Creative Technology, Cyberjaya, Malaysia
• PhD (Honorary) in Management from Infrastructure University 
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
• PhD from the Swiss School of Management
Working Experience:
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Dr. Aseh is active in community service. He is 
the Trustee and Chairman of the Football Association of Malaysia, 
Chairman of Yayasan Pesara Kerajaan, President of Tiara Golf & 
Country Club, Melaka and Vice President of the Malaysian Golf 
Association. He is also the Chancellor of Infrastructure University 
Kuala Lumpur. He was active in the Administrative and Diplomatic 
Service and was its longest-serving President. Besides that, 
he was the Chairman of the University Council of Limkokwing 
University of Creative Technology (2008-2017), Stemlife Berhad 
(2008-2013) and MWE Holdings Berhad (2008-2018). He was also 
a board member of Lion Diversified Holdings Berhad (2007-2019).
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Dr. Aseh joined the Ministry of Finance, Malaysia 
in March 1974 and held various positions as Assistant Secretary, 
Secretary and Principal Assistant Secretary of the Education 
Services Commission in Kuala Lumpur, Sarawak and Sabah during 
his eight years with the Commission.
From 1984, he served in the Ministry of Home Affairs, Malaysia 
in various positions including Principal Assistant Secretary of 
the Security and Police Affairs Division, Undersecretary of the 
Security and Preventive Division and Management Division and 
Deputy Director General and Director General of the Department 
of Immigration, Malaysia.
In February 2001, Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Dr. Aseh was appointed 
Secretary General of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Malaysia, a post 
he held until his retirement on 22 October 2007 .
After retirement from the civil service, he held the positions of 
Chairman of Pos Malaysia from July 2008 to 2011, President of 
Putrajaya Corporation from August 2012 to July 2015 and Chairman 
of the Social Security Organisation (2017-2018). In September 
2015, Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Dr. Aseh was appointed Non-Executive 
Chairman of Fujitsu (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd. He was also appointed 
as an Independent Non-Executive Director of Parkson Holdings 
Berhad on 24 November 2022.
TAN SRI DATO’ SERI
DR. ASEH BIN HAJI CHE MAT
PSM, SPSK, SSAP , SPTJ, SPDK, DPCM, DSAP , DIMP , KMN, AMN
Independent Non-Executive Director/Chairman
 Additional Information:
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Dr. Aseh has no:
• family relationships with any Directors and/or major shareholders of BAT Malaysia.
• conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest, including interest in any competing business with BAT Malaysia.
• convictions for offences within the past five years or any public sanction or penalty imposed on them by the relevant regulatory bodies during the 
financial year 2024.
Date Appointed to the Board: 1 January 2017
Number of Board Meetings Attended
in the Financial Year: 
73 Male Malaysian
6/6
Membership of Board Committees:
Nil
Present Directorship(s):
Listed Entity:
• Parkson Holdings Berhad
Other Public Companies:
• Nil

--- Page 106 ---
P . 104
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Board of Directors
Membership of Board Committees:
• Nomination and Remuneration Committee (Chairman)
• Risk Management Committee
• Audit Committee
Present Directorship(s):
Listed Entity:
• Nil
Other Public Companies:
• Nil
Qualifications:
• Degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of 
Birmingham, United Kingdom
Working Experience:
Dato’ Chan was appointed to the Board of BAT Malaysia on 
1 February 2011 after his retirement on 31 December 2010 as 
Operations Director of the Company. He was re-designated as 
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company on 
1 January 2013 following the expiry of his contract of service 
on 31 December 2012. Subsequently, he was re-designated as 
Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company on 23 May 
2016. He was re-designated as Senior Independent Non-Executive 
Director on 28 February 2021.
He was appointed as the Operations Director of BAT Malaysia 
in July 2000 and his portfolio expanded to include Business 
Development Services effective 15 November 2010.
Dato’ Chan joined Rothmans of Pall Mall (Malaysia) Berhad 
(Rothmans Malaysia) in 1979, as a Production Management 
Trainee and held various positions in the production division 
including Production Executive Make and Pack (1980-1982), 
Personal Assistant to Rothmans International World Production 
Director, Rothmans International United Kingdom (1982-1984), 
Acting Factory Manager Rothmans Malaysia (1984-1986), Factory 
Manager Rothmans Malaysia (1986-1994) and Production Director 
(Designate) of Rothmans Malaysia (1994-1995). Dato’ Chan 
was then appointed Production Director of the then Rothmans 
Malaysia in October 1995. He was a director of Tien Wah Press 
Holdings Berhad from May 1997 to June 2003.
DATO’ CHAN CHOON NGAI
DSNS
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
 Additional Information:
Dato’ Chan has no:
• family relationships with any Directors and/or major shareholders of BAT Malaysia.
• conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest, including interest in any competing business with BAT Malaysia.
• convictions for offences within the past five years or any public sanction or penalty imposed on them by the relevant regulatory bodies during the 
financial year 2024.
Date Appointed to the Board: 1 February 2011
Number of Board Meetings Attended
in the Financial Year: 
69 Male Malaysian
5/6

--- Page 107 ---
P . 105
Annual Report 2024
Board of Directors
Membership of Board Committees:
• Risk Management Committee (Chairman)
• Audit Committee (Chairman)
Present Directorship(s):
Listed Entity:
• Carlsberg Brewery Malaysia Berhad
Other Public Companies:
• Nil
Qualifications:
• Member of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants
• Member of the Malaysian Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants
Working Experience:
Eric was a Partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), Malaysia 
until his retirement in June 2015 after 38 years of service. He joined 
the firm of Price Waterhouse (PW) (now known as PwC) in 1977 , 
qualified as a Certified Public Accountant in 1981 and was admitted 
to the partnership of PwC in Malaysia in 1991.
In 2012, Eric assumed the responsibility of leading the middle 
market practices of the Asia-Pacific cluster of PwC firms, focused 
on working with entrepreneurs and high-net-worth individuals 
and families.
From 2002 until 2008, Eric was the Assurance leader for PwC’s 
regional grouping in Asia and was a member of PwC’s Global 
Assurance leadership team.
In 1996, he assumed management and leadership positions for 
different parts of PW/PwC within Malaysia, across Asia and 
globally. He was PW Malaysia’s leader for Audit and Business 
Advisory Services and continued in the role following the merger 
between PW and Coopers & Lybrand to form PwC in 1998, a 
position he held until 2008.
He served as an Independent Non-Executive Director of Genting 
Berhad from March 2019 to February 2025.
ERIC OOI LIP AUN
Independent Non-Executive Director
 Additional Information:
Eric has no:
• family relationships with any Directors and/or major shareholders of BAT Malaysia.
• conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest, including interest in any competing business with BAT Malaysia.
• convictions for offences within the past five years or any public sanction or penalty imposed on them by the relevant regulatory bodies during the 
financial year 2024.
Date Appointed to the Board: 1 March 2019
Number of Board Meetings Attended
in the Financial Year: 
67 Male Malaysian
6/6

--- Page 108 ---
P . 106
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Board of Directors
Membership of Board Committees:
• Sustainability Committee (Chairwoman)
• Nomination and Remuneration Committee
• Audit Committee
Present Directorship(s):
Listed Entity:
• Kumpulan Perangsang Selangor Berhad
• Sedania Innovator Berhad
Other Public Companies:
• Nil
Qualifications:
• Industry Adjunct Professor Multimedia University, Malaysia
• Senior Certified Professional Coach (SCPC/CPC/EMCC), Coach 
Transformation Academy, Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE)
• Professional Certificate in Corporate Public Affairs from The 
Center of Corporate Public Affairs, Melbourne Business School, 
Australia
• Bachelor in Arts and Design from Universiti Teknologi MARA, 
Malaysia
Working Experience:
Norliza binti Kamaruddin is a senior communications specialist 
with more than 30 years of experience in Malaysia and other 
international markets. She specialises in multiple sectors 
including energy, finance, banking, aviation, telecommunications 
and hospitality. Norliza has helped organisations within ASEAN, 
the Middle East and the Americas to develop and execute 
communication strategies. She is recognised as one of Malaysia’s 
leading communication strategists with a deep understanding 
of the geopolitical landscape and a track record in developing 
sophisticated reputation campaigns for major companies. She is 
the only Malaysian to have been recognised in the world’s three 
most prestigious public relations (PR) and marketing awards. 
She was also named one of the ‘Top 500 Most Influential PR 
Professionals in PR Week Power Book 2014 and 2015’ by the global 
PR Week magazine. She was awarded ‘Internationalist of the Year 
2014’ by The Internationalist, New York.
Previously, Norliza was the Managing Director in the Strategic 
Communications practice of FTI Consulting, Inc based in Kuala 
Lumpur, Malaysia. Prior to that, she was the Global Head of 
Strategic Communications for PETRONAS. She also served as the 
Country Head of Corporate Affairs at Standard Chartered Bank.
NORLIZA BINTI KAMARUDDIN
ADJUNCT PROFESSOR
Independent Non-Executive Director
 Additional Information:
Norliza has no:
• family relationships with any Directors and/or major shareholders of BAT Malaysia.
• conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest, including interest in any competing business with BAT Malaysia.
• convictions for offences within the past five years or any public sanction or penalty imposed on them by the relevant regulatory bodies during the 
financial year 2024.
Date Appointed to the Board: 30 April 2021
Number of Board Meetings Attended
in the Financial Year: 
60 Female Malaysian
6/6

--- Page 109 ---
P . 107
Annual Report 2024
Board of Directors
Membership of Board Committees:
• Sustainability Committee
Present Directorship(s):
Listed Entity:
• Carlsberg Brewery Malaysia Berhad
Other Public Companies:
• Nil
Qualifications:
• Degree in Law from the University of Malaya, Malaysia
Working Experience:
Datuk Christine was the Legal and External Affairs Director of 
BAT Malaysia from September 2006 until her retirement on 
31 December 2018. She was responsible for the corporate and 
regulatory affairs and legal matters of BAT Malaysia. She was  
re-designated as Non-Independent Non-Executive Director of BAT 
Malaysia on 1 January 2019 after her retirement.
Datuk Christine started out as the Head of Legal and Company 
Secretary at BAT Malaysia in 2001. She was appointed to the Top 
Team, now known as the Leadership Team of BAT Malaysia, in 
2006.
Prior to joining BAT Malaysia, Datuk Christine was the Head of 
Legal and Company Secretary of two public listed companies, 
Hong Leong Industries Berhad and Malaysian Pacific Industries 
Berhad.
She was with the Attorney General’s Chambers of Malaysia from 
1983, serving in the Prosecution and Advisory and International 
Law divisions.
DATUK CHRISTINE LEE OI KUAN
DPSM
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
 Additional Information:
Datuk Christine has no:
• family relationships with any Directors and/or major shareholders of BAT Malaysia.
• conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest, including interest in any competing business with BAT Malaysia.
• convictions for offences within the past five years or any public sanction or penalty imposed on them by the relevant regulatory bodies during the 
financial year 2024.
Date Appointed to the Board: 1 March 2012
Number of Board Meetings Attended
in the Financial Year: 
66 Female Malaysian
6/6

--- Page 110 ---
P . 108
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Membership of Board Committees:
• Sustainability Committee
Present Directorship(s):
Listed Entity:
• Nil
Other Public Companies:
• British American Tobacco Malaysia Foundation
Qualifications:
• Bachelor of Arts (BA) in International Business from George 
Washington University, USA
Working Experience:
Prior to his appointment, Nedal Salem was the Managing Director 
and Chief Executive Officer of Ceylon Tobacco Company PLC 
(CTC), Sri Lanka since 2019. During Nedal’s tenure, CTC achieved 
significant milestones in its corporate governance framework, 
talent strategy and sustainability agenda, with a specific focus on 
becoming the first seed-to-smoke end-market to achieve carbon 
neutrality within BAT Group.
He has more than 20 years of international experience in British 
American Tobacco p.l.c. Group, spanning nine markets in three 
continents. He has created a legacy of building strong and driven 
teams, growing globally-driven brands and successfully delivering 
results.
He was the Head of Brands Marketing in Bentoel Indonesia (2017-
2019) and the Director of Brands Marketing, Korea (2011-2015). 
Nedal started his career in British American Tobacco Middle East 
in 1998.
NEDAL LOUAY SALEM
Executive Director/Managing Director
 Additional Information:
Nedal has no:
• family relationships with any Directors and/or major shareholders of BAT Malaysia.
• conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest, including interest in any competing business with BAT Malaysia.
• convictions for offences within the past five years or any public sanction or penalty imposed on them by the relevant regulatory bodies during the 
financial year 2024.
Date Appointed to the Board: 1 September 2021
Number of Board Meetings Attended
in the Financial Year: 
55 Male American
6/6
Board of Directors

--- Page 111 ---
P . 109
Annual Report 2024
Membership of Board Committees:
• Risk Management Committee
Present Directorship(s):
Listed Entity:
• Nil
Other Public Companies:
• Nil
Qualifications:
• Bachelor of Business Management, Double Major in Marketing/
Finance, Singapore Management University (SMU)
Working Experience:
Adrian has been a finance specialist for more than 18 years, 
during which time he has worked solely in global FMCG MNCs, 
covering a variety of roles encompassing financial planning and 
delivery, commercial business partnering, supply chain analytics, 
cost management, controls & risk management and financial 
accounting, amongst others.
Prior to his appointment, Adrian was the Regional Head of 
Operations Finance for BAT Group, looking after the Asia Pacific, 
Middle East & Africa region (2019 to 2024), and was a valued 
member of the global operations finance, regional finance and 
operations leadership teams. In this role, he was at the forefront 
of driving the operations productivity agenda for the region, 
driving synergies and cross-functional collaboration to deliver 
over £100m in savings year-on-year. Adrian also played a pivotal 
role in footprint/network design, pursuing an asset light strategy 
to unlock value and deliver significant benefits to the Group.
He has more than twelve years (12) of international experience 
in BAT Group, starting out in Hong Kong in 2012 and spanning 
multiple roles in commercial, operations and corporate finance, 
where he has excelled in the on-target delivery of various strategic 
initiatives. As a finance professional, Adrian thrives on leveraging 
his functional expertise and commercial acumen to drive the 
Group's agenda and is committed to corporate governance and 
sustainable business practices.
ADRIAN LEE PENG YONG
Executive Director/Finance Director
 Additional Information:
Adrian has no:
• family relationships with any Directors and/or major shareholders of BAT Malaysia.
• conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest, including interest in any competing business with BAT Malaysia.
• convictions for offences within the past five years or any public sanction or penalty imposed on them by the relevant regulatory bodies during the 
financial year 2024.
Date Appointed to the Board: 1 November 2024
Number of Board Meetings Attended
in the Financial Year: 
45 Male Singaporean
N/A
Board of Directors

--- Page 112 ---
P . 110
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Leadership Team
Adrita Datta
Human Resources Director
Fairuz Helmi
Corporate and Regulatory Affairs Director
Anthoney Lea Clayton
Commercial Marketing Director
Wong Hoi Wun Ann
Supply Chain Director
Nedal Louay Salem
Managing Director
Adrian Lee Peng Yong
Finance Director
Jacqueline Ko Man Ting
Legal Director

--- Page 113 ---
P . 111
Annual Report 2024
NEDAL LOUAY SALEM
Managing Director
55 Male American
Date Appointed to the Leadership Team:
13 October 2021
 For details of Nedal’s profile, please refer to page 108 of 
this Annual Report.
ADRIAN LEE PENG YONG 
Finance Director
45 Male Singaporean
Date Appointed to the Leadership Team:
1 November 2024
 For details of Adrian’s profile, please refer to page 109 of 
this Annual Report.
FAIRUZ HELMI
Corporate and Regulatory Affairs Director
52 Male Malaysian
Date Appointed to the Leadership Team:
1 April 2022
Qualifications:
• Degree in Law from the University of Wales, Aberystwyth, 
United Kingdom
Directorship in Public Companies and Listed Issuers:
• Nil
Working Experience:
• Fairuz was appointed the External Affairs Director of BAT 
Malaysia on 1 April 2022.
• Fairuz joined BAT Malaysia in 2006 and has since held 
various roles in the Company.
• Prior to joining BAT Malaysia, Fairuz was the Head of 
Department in the Market Policy & Development Division of 
Securities Commission Malaysia.
• Fairuz is an experienced government and public affairs 
professional, specialising in strategic government and 
stakeholder in the regulatory and public policy advocacy.
• Fairuz has been a member of the National Kenaf and 
Tobacco Board since November 2020.
Leadership Team
1 3
2
 Additional Information:
None of the Leadership Team has:
• family relationships with any Directors and/or major shareholders of BAT Malaysia.
• conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest, including interest in any competing business, with BAT Malaysia.
• convictions for offences within the past five years or any public sanction or penalty imposed on them by the relevant regulatory bodies during the 
financial year 2024.
• direct/indirect shareholdings in BAT Malaysia.

--- Page 114 ---
P . 112
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
 Additional Information:
None of the Leadership Team has:
• family relationships with any Directors and/or major shareholders of BAT Malaysia.
• conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest, including interest in any competing business, with BAT Malaysia.
• convictions for offences within the past five years or any public sanction or penalty imposed on them by the relevant regulatory bodies during the 
financial year 2024.
• direct/indirect shareholdings in BAT Malaysia.
Leadership Team
WONG HOI WUN ANN
Supply Chain Director
42 Female Hong Konger
Date Appointed to the Leadership Team:
1 January 2025
Qualifications:
• Bachelor of Business Administration, Chinese University of 
Hong Kong
• Master of Arts, Chinese University of Hong Kong
Directorship in Public Companies and Listed Issuers:
Nil
Working Experience:
• Ann was appointed as the Supply Chain Director of BAT 
Malaysia on 1 January 2025.
• Prior to this appointment, she was the Supply Chain 
Manager of BAT Malaysia.
• She joined BAT Group in 2008 and has worked across 
several markets: Hong Kong, United Kingdom and Malaysia.
• During her tenure at BAT Group, she has held various 
marketing roles. During this time, she has been instrumental 
in driving excellence and delivering sustainable results 
through programme and project management across 
various markets.
ADRITA DATTA
Human Resources Director
41 Female Bangladeshi
Date Appointed to the Leadership Team:
1 September 2022
Qualifications:
• Master of Business Administration in HRM, Symbiosis 
Institute of Business Management, Pune, India
• Bachelor of Computer Science, University of Pune, India
Directorship in Public Companies and Listed Issuers:
• Nil
Working Experience:
• Adrita has over 15 years of experience across different 
dimensions of HR as well as commercial functions in a 
multinational and multicultural environment.
• She joined BAT Bangladesh in 2010 and has since held 
various senior leadership roles within the BAT Group in 
several countries like Bangladesh, Japan and Sri Lanka.
• Prior to her current role, she took a bold step and ventured 
out to lead the largest Trade Marketing region of Bangladesh 
to deliver commercial growth, amid the adversities of a 
global pandemic.
• Adrita has a strong track record of championing D&I in the 
workplace and beyond. She is also passionate about building 
future-fit capabilities and championing an empowered 
culture in the organisation.
• Adrita was recognised as a Progressive Women Leader in 
2017 by a reputable local authority in Bangladesh.
4 5

--- Page 115 ---
P . 113
Annual Report 2024
Leadership Team
JACQUELINE KO MAN TING
Legal Director
41 Female New Zealander
Date Appointed to the Leadership Team:
25 February 2024
Qualifications:
• Postgraduate Certificate in Laws, University of Hong Kong, 
Hong Kong SAR
• Professional Legal Studies, College of Law, New Zealand
• Bachelor of Laws & Bachelor of Commerce, University of 
Auckland, New Zealand
Directorship in Public Companies and Listed Issuers:
• Nil
Working Experience:
• Jacqueline was appointed as the Legal Director on 25 
February 2024.
• Prior to her current role, she was the Senior Legal Counsel for 
the Global Travel Retail business, with additional coverage of 
New Zealand, the Philippines, Hong Kong SAR and the joint 
venture CTBAT’s businesses based out of Hong Kong SAR 
during the three years since she joined BAT group in 2020.
• She was the Legal Counsel for Alibaba Group’s International 
Dispute Resolution team between 2015 to 2020.
• Before taking on corporate in-house roles, Jacqueline was 
practicing in private law firms with a focus on Dispute 
Resolution and Intellectual Property between 2008 to 2015.
• Jacqueline has also taken up a commercial role as the 
Director of Business Development of an online beauty 
discovery platform start-up between 2011 to 2012.
• She is also an alumni of KPMG New Zealand.
ANTHONEY LEA CLAYTON
Commercial Marketing Director
44 Male British
Date Appointed to the Leadership Team:
15 August 2024
Qualifications:
• Bachelor of Business Management, University of 
Wolverhampton
Directorship in Public Companies and Listed Issuers:
• Nil
Working Experience:
• Anthoney was appointed as the Commercial Marketing 
Director of BAT Malaysia on 15 August 2024.
• Prior to this appointment, he was the Global Head of 
Customer for Global Travel Retail.
• With extensive experience in sales and business 
management within the FMCG sector, he has held pivotal 
roles at companies such as Kellogg’s, GSK and PepsiCo.
76
 Additional Information:
None of the Leadership Team has:
• family relationships with any Directors and/or major shareholders of BAT Malaysia.
• conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest, including interest in any competing business, with BAT Malaysia.
• convictions for offences within the past five years or any public sanction or penalty imposed on them by the relevant regulatory bodies during the 
financial year 2024.
• direct/indirect shareholdings in BAT Malaysia.

--- Page 116 ---
P . 114
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present our Corporate Governance Overview Statement 
for 2024. The Board remains steadfast in its commitment to maintaining effective corporate 
governance and integrity, enabling us to deliver our strategy for the long-term benefit of all our 
stakeholders.
GOVERNANCE, CUL TURE AND GOALS
Guided by our purpose to build A Better 
Tomorrow™, well-informed decisions 
are consistently made at every level 
of the Company. BAT Malaysia takes 
great pride in its strong and well-
established culture, which is firmly 
underpinned by our core principles 
and values and significantly shapes 
the way we work. Our resilience and 
performance following the pandemic 
can be attributed to our robust business 
model and dedicated team, who uphold 
our high ethical standards and focus on 
doing the right thing. This commitment 
drives our sustainable growth and the 
outcomes we desire.
We continue to ensure that good 
governance is present at all levels and 
all functions of the Company. Reliable 
Group-wide systems are in place to 
monitor every aspect of governance, 
with the Board and its Committees 
regularly reviewing information about 
our health and safety culture and 
approach to assessing and monitoring 
risks.
SUSTAINABILITY
As set out on pages 46 to 99 in this 
report, we made significant strides 
towards achieving our sustainability 
goals in 2024, with valuable support and 
oversights from our SC. You can read 
more about the Committee’s activities at 
page 126 and review the SC's TOR under 
the Corporate Governance section on 
our website, www.batmalaysia.com. 
The SC has successfully enhanced the 
Board’s focus on the environmental and 
employee engagement-related social 
elements of sustainability. Other Board 
Committees that have contributed to 
this agenda include the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee (NRC), 
with its focus on the D&I-related social 
element and the Audit Committee 
(AC), with its focus on the governance 
element.
Our solid governance structures and 
well-established procedures gave the 
Board and its Committees the flexibility 
to operate in an increasingly uncertain 
environment. We maintained our 
engagement with shareholders through 
the AGM, which was held virtually once 
again. The meeting was live-streamed, 
with the opportunity for shareholders 
to pose questions before and during the 
meeting, which was very much valued 
by the Board.
In conclusion, I wish to express my 
gratitude to my fellow Board members, 
the Leadership Team and our colleagues 
in the wider workforce who contributed 
their services during the year for 
BAT Malaysia Group. My profound 
appreciation also goes to our valued 
business partners who worked with 
and supported us in our drive towards a 
sustainable business. As we go through 
2025, the Board will continue to work 
with the Leadership Team and our people 
to deliver on our strategic initiatives to 
ensure the well-being of our colleagues 
and build a successful and sustainable 
business for all stakeholders.
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Dr. Aseh bin Haji Che Mat
(Chairman)


--- Page 117 ---
P . 115
Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
BAT Malaysia continues to demonstrate a strong commitment to corporate 
governance, successfully implementing and adhering to 39 of the 43 Practices 
prescribed in the MCCG 2021. Furthermore, in our ongoing drive to exceed regulatory 
expectations and maintain good governance standards, we have adopted four 
out of the five optional Step-Up Practices. These practices allow BAT Malaysia 
to go above and beyond existing regulatory requirements, strengthening our 
organisational governance. The Corporate Governance Report, which details the 
application or departure of each MCCG 2021 Practice, can be viewed on our website, 
www.batmalaysia.com.
This commitment to continually improve our compliance practices underscores our 
dedication to operating with unwavering integrity, confirming BAT Malaysia as a 
trusted and responsible leader in the industry.
MSWG - 
NACGSA 2024
2 categories won by the 
Company:
6th place
in the Overall Excellence Award
1st place
in the Industry Excellence 
Award - Consumer Products
and Services 
GOVERNANCE AT A GLANCE AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
› Board Independence › Age Group
Non-Independent Independent Above 60 years 40-60 years
43% 57%57% 43%
› Executive/Non-Executive Directors › Board Gender Diversity
Non-Executive Executive Female Male
29% 71%71% 29%
› Board Nationality › Non-Executive Director’s Tenure
Non-Malaysian Malaysian Over 5 years 2-5 years
29% 71% 80%
20%


--- Page 118 ---
P . 116
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Board Leadership and EffectivenessPRINCIPLE A
BOARD LEADERSHIP
BAT Malaysia Group is led by an effective 
and entrepreneurial Board that promotes 
the long-term, sustainable success of 
BAT Malaysia Group, generating value for 
shareholders whilst contributing to the 
broader community. The Board assumes 
ultimate responsibility for BAT Malaysia 
Group’s overall leadership, overseeing 
the development and delivery of clear 
strategies for BAT Malaysia Group.
As of the date of this report, the 
Board comprises seven Directors: the 
Chairman, two Executive Directors, 
three Independent Non-Executive 
Directors and one Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director. The Non-
Executive Directors have a broad range 
of business, financial and international 
skills and experience, contributing to a 
balanced and diverse Board.
Details about the Directors’ biographies 
can be found on pages 103 to 109.
The Board’s Charter and size allows time 
for constructive debate on key elements 
of BAT Malaysia Group’s performance 
and strategic initiatives. It also allows 
for challenges to these elements and 
ensures that all Directors’ views are 
heard. The Board monitors operational 
and financial performance against 
agreed-upon goals and objectives and 
ensures the existence of appropriate 
controls and systems for risk 
management. Additionally, it ensures 
the provision of financial resources and 
a workforce with the necessary skills to 
deliver the Company's strategic goals.
The Board maintains a formal schedule 
of matters reserved for its approval. 
These matters include approving BAT 
Malaysia Group’s strategy and budget, 
material corporate and related party 
transactions and the authorisation of 
capital expenditure above delegated 
authority limits. This also includes 
matters relating to risk management, 
dividends, appointing new directors 
and significant communication to 
shareholders.
The Board discharges some of its 
responsibilities directly and others 
through its Committees. Execution 
of approved strategies and day-to-
day management of the Company’s 
business is delegated to the Leadership 
Team, with the Board retaining 
responsibility for overseeing, guiding 
and holding Management to account. 
The diagram on page 117 describes 
BAT Malaysia Group’s governance 
framework and provides an overview of 
the key Committees of the Board.
Division of Responsibility
The roles of the Chairman and the 
Managing Director are separated with 
clear written guidelines on the division 
of responsibilities.
Board Meetings
The Board meets on a regular basis, 
with a minimum of four (4) scheduled 
meetings in a financial year or more 
frequently as circumstances dictate. 
The dates of these scheduled meetings
are determined well in advance by the 
last quarter of the preceding financial 
year to enable the Directors to plan 
ahead. In addition to the scheduled 
meetings, special meetings may 
be convened as and when required. 
The summary of Board and Board 
Committee meetings attendance for 
2024 can be found on page 118.
The Constitution of BAT Malaysia and 
the Board Charter set out the conduct 
of the Board meetings, including 
quorum. In accordance to Clause 134 of 
the Constitution of BAT Malaysia, the 
quorum necessary for the transaction 
of the business of Directors shall be a 
majority of Directors.
Board Diversity and Experience
BAT Malaysia Group is committed to 
fostering a diverse Board comprising 
Directors from various backgrounds 
with relevant experience, perspectives, 
skills and knowledge. We believe that 
diversity, including gender diversity, 
among Directors and employees 
contributes to a high-performing and 
effective Board and business, thus 
promoting BAT Malaysia Group’s 
ongoing success. We strive to maintain 
this optimal balance using a meritocratic 
appointment process.
Conflicts of Interest
A well-established process is in place 
whereby the Board, through the AC, 
regularly reviews and monitors conflicts 
of interest or potential conflicts of 
interest, including interests in any 
competing businesses. Directors holding 
significant commitments outside of BAT 
Malaysia Group are required to disclose 
them prior to appointment and on an 
ongoing basis whenever changes occur. 
Actual and potential conflicts of interest 
are documented in a register, which is 
maintained by the Company Secretary 
and reviewed annually.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

--- Page 119 ---
P . 117
Annual Report 2024
COMPANY SECRETARY
Responsible for advising the Board and assisting the 
Chairman in all corporate governance matters.
AUDIT COMMITTEE
Monitors the integrity of BAT Malaysia Group’s 
Financial Statements, provides oversight of the 
financial reporting and audit processes and oversees 
BAT Malaysia Group’s internal audit and system 
of internal controls and compliance with laws and 
regulations.
RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
Establishes, reviews and monitors BAT Malaysia 
Group’s approach to risk management and BCPs.
SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE
Establishes, reviews and monitors BAT Malaysia 
Group’s sustainability strategies and action plans.
NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Ensures that the Board, its Committees and the 
Leadership Team have the appropriate skills, 
knowledge, diversity, experience and the right 
remuneration to operate effectively.
LEADERSHIP TEAM
Manages day-to-day operations of BAT Malaysia Group and advises the Managing Director on implementing 
strategies and business operations.
SHAREHOLDERS
BOARD
The Board is collectively responsible for effective oversight of the Company and the helming of the Company’s 
strategic direction and objectives, business plan, viability and governance structure that will help achieve 
strategic growth and deliver sustainable shareholders’ value.
CHAIRMAN
Responsible for the orderly 
conduct and function of the Board.
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Responsible for overseeing the 
business and any issues discussed 
or matters presented for approval 
at the Board level with due 
consideration to all stakeholders’ 
interests.
MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
FINANCE DIRECTOR
Responsible for the overall 
operations of the business, 
organisational effectiveness 
and the implementation of BAT 
Malaysia Group’s strategies and 
policies in line with the interests
of all stakeholders and provide
in-depth knowledge and insight 
from BAT Malaysia’s perspective.
BOARD COMMITTEES
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

--- Page 120 ---
P . 118
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
All Directors have complied with the minimum attendance requirement as stipulated in the Bursa Malaysia's MMLR, 
attending at least 50% of the Board meetings held during the financial year.
99.32%
BOARD AND BOARD COMMITTEE MEETING ATTENDANCE FOR 2024
Board of Directors Total Meetings Attended
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Dr. Aseh bin Haji Che Mat
Independent Non-Executive Director/Chairman
6/6
100%
Nedal Louay Salem
Executive Director/Managing Director
10/10
100%
Dato’ Chan Choon Ngai
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
20/21
95.24%
Datuk Christine Lee Oi Kuan
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
10/10
100%
Eric Ooi Lip Aun
Independent Non-Executive Director
15/15
100%
Norliza binti Kamaruddin
Independent Non-Executive Director
21/21
100%
Anthony Yong Mun Seng1
Executive Director/Finance Director
10/10
100%
Adrian Lee Peng Yong2
Executive Director/Finance Director
N/A
N/A
Average Percentage of Board Meetings Attended by Directors:
PRINCIPAL BOARD ACTIVITIES IN 2024
At every scheduled Board meeting, the Board receives updates from the Leadership Team and the Company Secretary on strategic, 
financial, operational and governance matters. The table below provides examples of significant matters presented and discussed 
in the year ended 31 December 2024.
1 Resigned on 1 November 2024
2 Appointed on 1 November 2024
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

--- Page 121 ---
P . 119
Annual Report 2024
› STEP CHANGE IN NEW CATEGORIES* PERFORMANCE
• Reviewed BAT Malaysia Group’s strategy and approach to 
implement and accelerate New Categories.
Note: *New Categories refer to reduced-risk*† categories of products other 
than combustibles (cigarettes).
* Based on the weight of evidence and assuming a complete switch from 
cigarette smoking. These products are not risk-free and are addictive.
† Our vapour product Vuse (including Alto, Solo, Ciro, and Vibe), and certain 
products, including Velo, Grizzly, Kodiak, and Camel Snus, which are sold 
in the U.S., are subject to FDA regulation and no reduced-risk claims will 
be made as to these products without agency clearance.
› DRIVE VALUE FROM COMBUSTIBLES
• Reviewed BAT Malaysia Group’s strategy to build a strong 
portfolio and enable value growth.
• Reviewed BAT Malaysia Group’s combustible portfolio to 
unlock new revenue streams for sustainable growth.
› SIMPLIFY THE BUSINESS
• Reviewed the supply chain transformation.
• Assessed the accelerators required to deliver BAT Malaysia 
Group’s ambition and evolve into a future-fit, interconnected 
organisation.
• Reviewed compliance and policies.
• Reviewed the implementation of operational efficiencies.
• Reviewed BAT Malaysia Group’s digital strategy and 
cybersecurity threats.
› SUSTAINABILITY
• Reviewed the evolution of BAT Malaysia Group’s strategy, 
placing sustainability at the forefront of BAT Malaysia 
Group’s activities.
• Reviewed the strategy to reduce the health impact of the 
business.
• Reviewed environmental management.
• Reviewed positive social impact deliverables.
• Reviewed sustainability governance.
› ACCELERATING TOMORROW’S LEADERS
• Monitored corporate culture and its alignment with BAT 
Malaysia Group’s purpose, values and strategy.
• Reviewed BAT Malaysia Group’s Leadership talent, diversity 
and inclusiveness.
• Reviewed the assessment of the effectiveness of the Board 
and its committees.
› FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
• Approved BAT Malaysia Group’s budget and oversight of 
resource allocation activities to support strategy execution.
• Reviewed the financial performance and business outlook.
• Assessed cost optimisation and unlocked revenue to 
support investments.
• Reviewed compliance with BAT Malaysia Group’s financial 
principles.
• Reviewed BAT Malaysia Group’s revolving credit facilities 
and cash flows.
› RISK
Management of Principal Risks
The Board deliberated and approved BAT Malaysia Group’s 
principal risks that might significantly impact its business 
goals and targets. The Board constantly monitored the agreed 
mitigations to manage or reduce the likelihood and impact 
of these principal risks. Key risk indicators that provide early 
warnings of risk manifestation were also reported to the Board.
In addition, various emerging risks or opportunities arising from 
complex internal and external environments were also identified. 
These were then reported to the Board, which subsequently 
determined if they should be included in BAT Malaysia Group 
Corporate Risk Profile as one of the principal risks.
To ensure that the risks undertaken in the pursuit of business 
objectives remained within the Board’s acceptable levels, the 
Board approved BAT Malaysia Group’s risk appetite, which sets 
its key operational boundaries.
› CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND COMPLIANCE
Related Party Transactions (RPT) and Recurrent Related 
Party Transactions (RRPT)
The Board reviewed BAT Malaysia Group’s RPT and RRPT to 
ensure all transactions were conducted at arm’s length, on 
normal commercial terms and not detrimental to minority 
shareholders. During the period from 1 January 2024 to  
31 December 2024, BAT Malaysia Group successfully entered 
into and duly completed contracts for seven RPT/RRPTs, which 
were reported to the AC on a quarterly basis.
› TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT
The Board recognises the importance of the continuous 
development of its Directors to acquire or enhance the 
requisite knowledge and skills, ensuring they can discharge 
their duties effectively.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

--- Page 122 ---
P . 120
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
› BOARD TRAINING
The Directors attended the following training programmes during the financial year ended 31 December 2024:
Director Briefing/Conference/Forum/Seminar/Training/
Workshop/Webinar attended
Organiser Date
Tan Sri Dato’ 
Seri Dr. Aseh 
bin Haji Che 
Mat
Product Update: Vuse Refresher BAT Malaysia 22 February 2024
Bursa Academy: Conflict of Interest and Governance of Conflict 
of Interest
Iclif Executive 
Education Center 
of Asia School of 
Business
12 September 2024
Cybersecurity and Data Protection Awareness BAT Malaysia 30 October 2024
Corporate Liability Provision - Anti-Bribery & Corruption 
Practices to Strengthen Company Integrity
Institute of 
Corporate Directors 
Malaysia (ICDM)
12 December 2024
Dato’ Chan 
Choon Ngai
Product Update: Vuse Refresher BAT Malaysia 22 February 2024
Aligning Risk Management to Strategy and Purpose ICDM 7 October 2024
Cybersecurity and Data Protection Awareness BAT Malaysia 30 October 2024
Corporate Liability Provision - Anti-Bribery & Corruption 
Practices to Strengthen Company Integrity
ICDM 12 December 2024
Datuk Christine 
Lee Oi Kuan
Product Update: Vuse Refresher BAT Malaysia 22 February 2024
ICDM PowerTalk Series | Future-Proofing Malaysian Businesses 
: Navigating Cyber-Threats in the Age of AI & Thriving in a High-
Risk Landscape
ICDM 11 March 2024
Emerging Strategic Risks and Mitigation Strategies for 2024: 
Exclusive Board and C-Suite Brief
MIA 24 June 2024 
Boards as Drivers of Corporate Innovation: A Practical and 
Engaging Masterclass
ICDM 8 August 2024
Cybersecurity and Data Protection Awareness BAT Malaysia 30 October 2024
Corporate Liability Provision - Anti-Bribery & Corruption 
Practices to Strengthen Company Integrity
ICDM 12 December 2024
Eric Ooi Lip Aun Product Update: Vuse Refresher BAT Malaysia 22 February 2024
Conflict of Interest Christopher &
Lee Ong
21 May 2024
Latest Global Trends Citibank HK 21 May 2024
Virtual MIA International Accountants Conference 2024: 
Navigating New Frontiers, Embracing Sustainability
Malaysian Institute 
of Accountants
11-12 June 2024
Live Board Simulation: Withstanding A Crisis Through 
Management Dynamics
ICDM 20 August 2024
Aligning Risk Management to Strategy and Purpose ICDM 7 October 2024
Cybersecurity and Data Protection Awareness BAT Malaysia 30 October 2024
Corporate Liability Provision - Anti-Bribery & Corruption 
Practices to Strengthen Company Integrity
ICDM 12 December 2024

--- Page 123 ---
P . 121
Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
Director Briefing/Conference/Forum/Seminar/Training/
Workshop/Webinar attended
Organiser Date
Norliza binti 
Kamaruddin
Product Update: Vuse Refresher BAT Malaysia 22 February 2024
SSM National Conference Companies 
Commission of 
Malaysia
27-28 August 2024
Building sustainability creditability - greenwashing and the rise 
of greenhushing
ICDM 24 September 2024
Cybersecurity and Data Protection Awareness BAT Malaysia 30 October 2024
Corporate Liability Provision - Anti-Bribery & Corruption 
Practices to Strengthen Company Integrity
ICDM 12 December 2024
Boardroom Insights 2025 : Navigating Governance, Risk and 
Strategic Foresight
ICDM 17 December 2024
Nedal Louay 
Salem
Product Update: Vuse Refresher BAT Malaysia 22 February 2024
Cybersecurity and Data Protection Awareness BAT Malaysia 30 October 2024
Corporate Liability Provision - Anti-Bribery & Corruption 
Practices to Strengthen Company Integrity
ICDM 12 December 2024
Adrian Lee 
Peng Yong 
Media Training BAT Malaysia 28 November 2024
Corporate Liability Provision - Anti-Bribery & Corruption 
Practices to Strengthen Company Integrity
ICDM 12 December 2024
BOARD APPOINTMENTS AND SUCCESSION
BAT Malaysia is committed to maintaining a transparent 
process for the selection, nomination and appointment of 
suitable candidates to the Board.
The NRC is entrusted with the responsibility of assessing 
and considering the capabilities, professionalism, integrity, 
expertise and experience of prospective Board members 
and Board Committee members. This assessment takes into 
consideration the Board’s current structure, size, gender 
diversity, time commitment and composition. It is crucial to 
ensure that the Board and the Board Committees possess 
an appropriate balance of skills, expertise and knowledge to 
manage the business effectively.
The NRC also takes into consideration the following factors:
(1) Whether the individual meets the requirements for 
independence as defined in the Bursa Malaysia's MMLR.
(2) The candidate’s general understanding of BAT Malaysia 
Group’s business and market.
(3) The candidate’s general alignment with BAT Malaysia 
Group’s strategic direction.
(4) Other factors that promote a diversity of views, experience 
and independent judgement.
The NRC uses independent executive search firms and/ 
or recommendations from existing Board members, the 
Management and major shareholders. As part of a Fit and 
Proper Policy adopted in 2022, the Company Secretary will carry 
out a comprehensive reference check for all appointments and 
reappointments of Directors to the Board. These checks include 
verifications of financial background, character integrity and 
professional qualifications of shortlisted candidates. Each 
shortlisted candidate will undergo an interview conducted by 
the members of the NRC to assess their technical expertise, 
skills and experience, compatibility with the Board and terms 
of appointment. Upon completion of the reference checks, the 
NRC will recommend the proposed candidate to the Board. 
The Board will deliberate on the recommended candidate 
and, if deemed appropriate, shall approve the appointment 
of the candidate as a Board member. Upon the candidate’s 
appointment as a new Director, an appointment letter will be 
issued.
The Board appointment process is outlined below:
(1) Identification of potential individual
(2) Evaluation and review of the individual
(3) Submission of recommended individuals to the Board
(4) Decision on appointment made by the Board

--- Page 124 ---
P . 122
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
In 2024, the Board also placed focus on the Non-Independent 
Executive Director/Finance Director’s succession and 
transition plan given that the former Non-Independent 
Executive Director/Finance Director, Anthony Yong Mun Seng 
resigned on 1 November 2024. In this respect, a structured 
plan was in place to ensure effective and smooth handovers 
to the incoming Non-Independent Executive Director/Finance 
Director. The NRC reviewed the capabilities of candidates 
proposed by BAT p.l.c., assessed the candidates’ experiences, 
qualifications, leadership track record and industry exposure, 
and determined the remuneration package of the incoming 
Non-Independent Executive Director/Finance Director. After 
due process, the Board approved the recommendations of the 
NRC for the appointment of Adrian Lee Peng Yong as the new 
Non-Independent Executive Director/Finance Director of BAT 
Malaysia effective 1 November 2024.
Considering that several Independent Non-Executive Directors 
are expected to retire in 2025, upon completing their nine-year 
tenure on the Board, the NRC has commenced the search for 
potential candidates to fill the vacant Board seats based on 
the criteria identified by the Board during their discussion on 
succession planning. To ensure boardroom diversity, the NRC 
has conducted a robust review of candidates recommended 
by Board members as well as by the appointed external search 
firm, before including them in the talent pool for consideration.
LEADERSHIP SUCCESSION PLANNING
In addition, the Board also oversaw the appointment and 
succession planning of the Leadership Team. During the year, 
the Board together with the Managing Director, reviewed 
the detailed succession plan of Leadership Team. The Board 
reviewed the capabilities of candidates proposed by the BAT 
p.l.c, assessed the candidates’ experiences, qualifications, 
leadership track and industry exposure of the proposed 
candidates. After due process, during the year, the Board 
approved the recommendations of the Leadership Team for 
the appointment of the Legal Director, Commercial Marketing 
Director, Finance Director and Supply Chain Director of BAT 
Malaysia. The Board also reviewed the succession pipeline for 
each role in the Leadership Team.
BOARD INDUCTION
Upon the appointment of a new Director to the Board, a 
comprehensive induction programme is provided. This 
programme is primarily designed to onboard and familiarise 
the new Director with BAT Malaysia Group’s business, vision, 
values, governance and people. In addition, the programme 
also takes into consideration the induction needed for a new 
Director’s appointment to Board Committees.
RE-APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
The re-election of Directors is conducted in accordance with 
Clause 109.1 of BAT Malaysia’s Constitution. This clause stipulates 
that one-third of the Directors are subject to retirement by 
rotation at every AGM but shall be eligible for re-election. It also 
mandates that all Directors shall retire from office at least once 
every three years. The Directors to retire each year are those 
who have served the longest since their last re-election.
In addition, Clause 115 of BAT Malaysia’s Constitution stipulates 
that any Director appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office 
only until the following AGM. The Directors will be eligible for 
re-election but shall not be taken into account when 
determining the Directors who are to retire by rotation at the 
AGM.
To ensure the Directors up for re-election are fit and capable of 
continuing serving as Directors, the NRC enlisted the ICDM to 
conduct a fit and proper assessment in accordance with the 
Company’s Fit and Proper Policy.
Consequently, upon the NRC’s recommendations, the Board 
has unanimously resolved to recommend to the shareholders 
to vote in favour of re-electing the following Directors, who are 
due for retirement at the Company’s 64
th AGM:
(1) Re-election of Datuk Christine Lee Oi Kuan and Nedal 
Louay Salem pursuant to Clause 109.1 of the Constitution 
of BAT Malaysia; and
(2) Re-election of Adrian Lee Peng Yong pursuant to Clause 
115 of the Constitution of BAT Malaysia.
ANNUAL PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENTS
The Board, with the assistance of the NRC, undertakes annual 
assessments of its performance and that of its Committees 
and each Director.
Since the Company had engaged an Independent Consultant 
to facilitate the Board and Directors Effectiveness Evaluation 
(BDEE) exercise in 2022, the BDEE exercise for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2024 was conducted internally 
through a comprehensive set of questionnaires. The summary 
of the findings was reported to the NRC for deliberation 
before the NRC’s recommendations were tabled to the 
Board. The assessment served as guidance for the NRC and a 
reference point for the Board to ensure that a balance of skills 
and expertise across a wide range of areas is consistently 
maintained. Additionally, it addressed gaps and training areas 
to enhance the Board’s effectiveness.

--- Page 125 ---
P . 123
Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
A comprehensive assessment framework encompassing the 
following areas was used:
(1) Board and its Board Committees Mix and Composition
(2) Board and its Board Committees Quality and Decision- 
Making
(3) Board and its Board Committees Activities
(4) Board and its Board Committees Interaction and 
Communication
(5) Board and its Board Committees Performance
IndependenceDynamics &
Participation
Directors’
Self and Peer
Assessment
Calibre and
Personality
Fit & Proper
CONCLUSIONS OF THE 2024 REVIEW
The Board concluded that the Board, the Board Committees 
and the individual Directors are efficient and effective in 
discharging their oversight responsibilities during the financial 
year.
The NRC reviewed the results and findings of the evaluation 
on 24 February 2025 and presented them to the Board on 25 
February 2025.
REMUNERATION
BAT Malaysia’s remuneration policy for its Directors is tailored 
to provide a remuneration package that serves to attract, 
retain and motivate directors of the calibre needed to manage 
the business of BAT Malaysia Group.
The NRC is responsible for reviewing and recommending to 
the Board the remuneration package for Executive Directors. 
For the Executive Directors of BAT Malaysia, both corporate 
and individual performances are rewarded using an integrated 
pay, benefits and bonus structure, which not only reflects the 
competitive nature of BAT Malaysia Group’s operations but also 
contributes to its strategic goals. The Executive Directors, who 
are full-time employees, receive no additional compensation 
for their services as Directors.
In evaluating the Managing Director’s remuneration, the NRC 
also considers corporate and individual performances, as 
well as performance on a range of other factors, including 
accomplishment of strategic goals and regional and global 
corporate performance. The remuneration package for the 
Directors comprises the following elements, where applicable:
i. Fees – The fixed annual fees to be paid to the Non-
Executive Directors.
ii. Salaries – The basic salaries for the Executive Directors as 
recommended by the NRC to the Board for approval.
iii. Benefits-in-kind – Customary benefits such as rented 
accommodation for expatriate Executive Directors, motor 
vehicle, club membership and coverage of personal 
expenses for the Executive Directors, in accordance with 
the policies of BAT Malaysia.
iv. Other emoluments – Include retirement benefits, 
provision for leave, consultancy services fee, statutory 
contributions and incentives in the form of shares/options 
in shares of BAT Group pursuant to the BAT Group shares 
scheme.
All Non-Executive Directors are paid fixed annual director fees 
as members of the Board and the Board Committees. The fee 
payable to each Non-Executive Director is determined by the 
Board as authorised by the shareholders of BAT Malaysia and 
it varies depending on the level of responsibilities undertaken 
by the individual Non-Executive Director.
In addition to the fixed annual Director fees, all Non-Executive 
Directors, except for the Chairman of the Board, are paid an 
attendance allowance for each Committee meeting they 
attend. Information prepared by independent consultants and 
survey data on the remuneration practices of comparable 
companies are taken into consideration in determining the 
remuneration packages for both Executive and Non- Executive 
Directors.
The Board believes in a competitive and transparent 
remuneration framework that supports the responsibilities 
and fiduciary duties of the Directors and Leadership Team, 
towards realising BAT Malaysia Group’s long-term objectives 
and enhancing stakeholder value.

--- Page 126 ---
P . 124
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
The details of the Director’s remuneration, comprising remuneration received/receivable from BAT Malaysia Group for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2024, are as follows:
Directors
Fee (RM’000) Allowance (RM’000) Salary (RM’000) Bonus (RM’000) Benefits-in-kind Other emoluments Total
(RM’000)Company Subsidiaries Company Subsidiaries Company Subsidiaries Company Subsidiaries Company Subsidiaries Company Subsidiaries
Independent Non-Executive Directors
Tan Sri Dato’ 
Seri Dr. Aseh 
bin Haji Che 
Mat
345 - 154 - - - - - - - - - 499
Dato’ Chan 
Choon Ngai 110 - 15 - - - - - - - - - 125
Eric Ooi Lip Aun 120 - 9 - - - - - - - - - 129
Norliza binti 
Kamaruddin 110 - 15 - - - - - - - - - 125
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
Datuk Christine 
Lee Oi Kuan 100 - 4 - - - - - - - - - 104
Executive Directors
Nedal Louay 
Salem - - - - 1,267 - 386 - 431 - 2,0 4 9 - 4,133
Anthony Yong 
Mun Seng 
(Resigned on 
1 November 
2024)
- - - - 797 - 215 - 108 - 957 - 2,077
Adrian Lee 
Peng Yong 
(Appointed on 
1 November 
2024)
- - - - 113 - - - - - 118 - 231
Total (RM’000) 785 - 197 - 2,177 - 601 - 539 - 3,124 - 7, 4 2 3
The remuneration of the Leadership Team for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 is as follows:
Name Range of remuneration
C K Remeena C K Prabhakaran (Resigned on 1 January 2025) 1,500,000 - 1,550,000
Adrita Datta 1,500,000 - 1,550,000
Fairuz Helmi Abdul Malek 1,100,000 - 1,150,000
Jacqueline Ko Man Ting (Appointed on 25 February 2024) 900,000 - 950,000
Anthoney Lea Clayton (Appointed on 15 August 2024) 800,000 - 850,000
Darren John Corby (Resigned on 15 August 2024) 800,000 - 850,000
The Managing Director’s and Finance Director’s remuneration was disclosed under the Directors’ remuneration.

--- Page 127 ---
P . 125
Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Overview StatementCorporate Governance Overview Statement
NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT
Dato' Chan Choon Ngai
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director (Chairman)
› TERMS OF REFERENCE
The TOR of the NRC is available in the Corporate Governance 
section of the Company’s website at www.batmalaysia.com
› COMPOSITION
Dato’ Chan Choon Ngai
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director (Chairman)
Norliza binti Kamaruddin
Independent Non-Executive Director (Member)
› ATTENDANCE
Dato’ Chan Choon Ngai 6/6
Norliza binti Kamaruddin 6/6
The NRC is pleased to present the NRC Report for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2024.
The Managing Director and Human Resources Director were 
invited to NRC meetings to brief the committee on the terms 
of employment and remuneration package of the Executive 
Directors and members of the Leadership Team and human 
resources policies.
The NRC Chairman engaged with the Management on a 
continuous basis to keep abreast of matters affecting the 
board members of BAT Malaysia. Where significant issues 
were noted, the NRC Chairman communicated and conferred 
with other NRC members, either through emails or in 
meetings.
The minutes of each NRC meeting were recorded and tabled 
for confirmation at the next NRC meeting and subsequently 
presented to the Board for notation. The NRC Chairman 
provides reports to the Board, highlighting the significant 
points of discussion and recommendations for the Board’s 
consideration.
› SUMMARY OF ACTIVITIES
During the financial year ended 31 December 2024, the NRC 
undertook and/or deliberated on the following:
(1) Recommended the re-election of Directors at the 64
th 
AGM to the Board for consideration.
(2) Conducted the Fit and Proper assessment on the 
candidates for the re-election of Directors, as guided by 
the Directors’ Fit and Proper Policy.
(3) Reviewed the analysis/findings of the Directors’ 
performance assessment of the Board, Board 
Committees and individual Directors for 2024.
(4) Reviewed the tenure of the Independent  
Non-Executive Directors.
(5) Reviewed the appointment and remuneration of the 
Leadership Team.
(6) Reviewed the NRC Report for inclusion in the Annual 
Report 2024.
(7) Reviewed the fees and benefits of Non-Executive Directors.
(8) Reviewed and approved the Leadership Team’s annual 
bonus, salary increments and remuneration package.
(9) Reviewed and recommended the BAT Malaysia Policies 
on Company Car and Monthly Cash Allowance, Annual 
Leave, Driving License Reimbursement, Career Milestone 
Recognition and Medical Benefits to the Board for 
approval.
(10) Reviewed the succession planning of the Board by 
developing a set of selection criteria for the candidates 
for Independent Directors.

--- Page 128 ---
P . 126
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE REPORT
Norliza binti Kamaruddin
Independent Non-Executive Director (Chairwoman)
› TERMS OF REFERENCE
The TOR of the SC is available in the Corporate Governance 
section of the Company’s website at www.batmalaysia.com
› COMPOSITION
Norliza binti Kamaruddin
Independent Non-Executive Director (Chairwoman)
Datuk Christine Lee Oi Kuan
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director (Member)
Nedal Louay Salem
Executive Director/Managing Director (Member)
› ATTENDANCE
Norliza binti Kamaruddin 4/4
Datuk Christine Lee Oi Kuan 4/4
Nedal Louay Salem 4/4
The SC is pleased to present the SC Report for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2024.
The CSO was invited to SC meetings to brief the committee 
on the agenda tabled at the meetings.
The SC Chairwoman engaged with the Management on 
a continuous basis to keep abreast of matters affecting 
BAT Malaysia. Where significant issues were noted, the SC 
Chairwoman communicated and conferred with other SC 
members, either through emails or in meetings.
The minutes of each SC meeting were recorded and tabled 
for confirmation at the next SC meeting and subsequently 
presented to the Board for notation. The SC Chairwoman 
provides reports to the Board, highlighting the significant 
points of discussion and recommendations for the Board’s 
consideration.
› SUMMARY OF ACTIVITIES
During the financial year ended 31 December 2024, the SC 
undertook and/or deliberated on the following:
(1) Continuously reviewed BAT Malaysia Group’s 
sustainability strategy and its delivery through the 
achievement of the KPIs set for 2024.
(2) Reviewed BAT Malaysia Group’s sustainability initiatives 
and activities in relation to tobacco harm reduction and 
the environmental, social and governance priorities.
(3) Reviewed the annual budget for the sustainability plan.
(4) Reviewed BAT Malaysia Group’s community investment 
strategy and achievements and approved the launch of  
10 new sites under the Beyond Benih programme.
(5) Reviewed and endorsed the SC Report and Sustainability 
Statement for the Board’s approval for inclusion in the 
Annual Report 2024.
(6) Reviewed BAT Malaysia’s sustainability governance and 
the plan to adopt the NSRF.
(7) Reviewed the proposed enhancements to climate risk-
related governance for adoption in 2025.

--- Page 129 ---
P . 127
Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT
Eric Ooi Lip Aun
Independent Non-Executive Director (Chairman)
› TERMS OF REFERENCE
The TOR of the AC is available in the Corporate Governance 
section of the Company’s website at www.batmalaysia.com
› COMPOSITION
Eric Ooi Lip Aun
Independent Non-Executive Director (Chairman)
Dato’ Chan Choon Ngai
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director (Member)
Effective Audit and Risk ManagementPRINCIPLE B
Directors’ Responsibilities for the Preparation of the Annual 
Audited Financial Statements
Statements explaining the responsibilities of the Directors for 
the preparation of the Annual Audited Financial Statements 
are available in the Annual Report on page 146.
Risk Management and Internal Control Framework
The Board, with assistance from the AC and RMC, holds ultimate 
responsibility for the risk management and internal control 
framework of BAT Malaysia. It monitors the Company’s risk 
management and internal control systems and reviews their 
effectiveness. This monitoring and review covers all material 
controls, including financial, operational and compliance 
controls. Further details of BAT Malaysia’s Risk Management 
Framework and Internal Control System can be found in the 
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control and Risk 
Management Report from pages 135 to 142.
Ethical and Procedural Standards
BAT Malaysia and its subsidiaries are committed to upholding 
high ethical and procedural standards that align with BAT 
Malaysia Group’s values and objectives. To this end, BAT 
Malaysia Group has internal policies, standards, guidelines, 
procedures and codes in place in support of its corporate 
governance framework.
Norliza binti Kamaruddin
Independent Non-Executive Director (Member)
› ATTENDANCE
Eric Ooi Lip Aun 5/5
Dato’ Chan Choon Ngai 5/5
Norliza binti Kamaruddin 5/5

--- Page 130 ---
P . 128
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
The AC is pleased to present the AC Report for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2024.
The Finance Director, the external auditors and a 
permanent invitee from the BAT Group’s Internal Audit 
team were invited to AC meetings. They attended all the 
meetings held during the financial year to brief the AC on 
pertinent issues.
The AC Chairman engaged with the Management, the 
external auditors and the internal auditors on a continuous 
basis to keep abreast of matters affecting BAT Malaysia 
Group. Where significant issues were noted, the AC 
Chairman communicated and conferred with other AC 
members, either through emails or in meetings.
The minutes of each AC meeting were recorded and tabled 
for confirmation at the next AC meeting and subsequently 
presented to the Board for notation. The AC Chairman 
provides reports to the Board, highlighting the significant 
points of discussion and recommendations for the Board's 
consideration.
› SUMMARY OF ACTIVITIES
During the financial year ended 31 December 2024, the AC 
undertook the following activities:
(1) Financial Reporting
 The AC reviewed BAT Malaysia Group’s quarterly 
financial results and annual audited financial 
statements and recommended the same to the Board 
for approval. The reviews focused on significant 
changes to accounting policies and practices, 
adjustments arising from the audits, compliance 
with relevant accounting standards and other legal 
requirements to ensure that the financial statements 
presented a true and fair view of BAT Malaysia Group’s 
financial performance.
(2) Internal Audit
i. Reviewed the 2024 Internal Audit plan of BAT 
Malaysia Group to ensure adequate coverage 
of BAT Malaysia Group’s key risks and adequate 
resources within the Internal Audit team were 
available to execute the audit plan.
ii. Reviewed BAT Malaysia Group’s three-year 
rolling plan, developed by Internal Audit via a 
comprehensive planning process that identified 
and prioritised potential auditable areas and audit 
coverage.
iii. Reviewed the internal control processes 
and considered the recommendations and 
improvements to be implemented by the 
Management based on the audit findings.
iv. Reviewed the implementation status of agreed 
audit actions to ensure timely implementation by 
the Management.
v. Reviewed Integrated Assurance Framework 
applicable to BAT Malaysia’s control environment.
(3) External Audit
i. Reviewed the external auditors’ report, which 
summarised key findings from the audit of 
the financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2024, along with the Directors’ 
Statement on Risk Management and Internal 
Control.
ii. Reviewed with the external auditors their audit 
plan for the financial year ended 31 December 
2024, which outlined audit materiality, audit 
scope, methodology and timing of the audit, key 
milestones, involvement of IT specialists, audit 
focus areas, adoption and transition of accounting 
standards and proposed fees for the audit services 
rendered by the external auditors for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2024.
iii. Reviewed the written assurance provided by the 
external auditors in respect of their independence.
iv. Met with the external auditors twice without 
the presence of the Executive Directors and the 
Management during the year under review.

--- Page 131 ---
P . 129
Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
(4) Related Party Transactions
i. Reviewed and discussed reports on RPT, RRPT 
and potential conflict-of-interest transactions to 
ensure that all RPT and RRPT were undertaken 
on an arm’s length basis and normal commercial 
terms consistent with BAT Malaysia Group’s usual 
business practices and policies, which were not 
more favourable than those generally available to 
the public and other suppliers and not detrimental 
to the minority shareholders.
ii. Monitored the RPT and RRPT thresholds to ensure 
compliance with the Bursa Malaysia's MMLR.
iii. Reviewed and recommended to the Board for 
approval the Circular to Shareholders in relation to 
the proposed renewal of shareholders’ mandate 
for the Company and its subsidiaries to enter into 
RRPT of the revenue or trading nature with related 
parties.
(5) Annual Reporting
 Reviewed and endorsed the AC Report, SoBC 
Statement and Statement on Risk Management and 
Internal Control for the Board’s approval and inclusion 
in the Annual Report 2024.
(6) Other Activities
i. Deliberated on BAT Malaysia Group’s two-year 
cash flow forecast.
ii.  Deliberated on reports regarding whistleblowing 
and breaches of the SoBC.
iii. Deliberated on security and safety matters and 
loss reports.
 iv. Assessed the performance of the internal and 
external auditors.
v. Deliberated on health and safety review reports.
vi. Deliberated on reports on the Control Navigator 
and Immediately Reportable Incidents.
vii Deliberated on reports on financial record-keeping 
and reporting under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
viii. Conducted a self-assessment of the AC’s 
performance.
ix. Deliberated on KPMG PL T’s Transparency Report.
x. Deliberated on BAT Malaysia Procurement and 
Tendering Process.
xi. Deliberated on the implementation of e-invoicing 
for BAT Malaysia Group.
xii. Assessed Transfer Pricing of RRPT.
› INTERNAL AUDIT FUNCTION
BAT Malaysia Group’s Internal Audit function is carried 
out by the Global Audit function of BAT Group Internal 
Audit. BAT Group Internal Audit possesses direct access 
to both the AC and the AC Chairman, and reports to the 
AC on matters concerning controls and audit findings. In 
addition to this, BAT Group Internal Audit assists the AC 
in reviewing the effectiveness of BAT Malaysia Group’s 
internal controls and processes. In doing this, it ensures 
there is an appropriate balance of risk and control in 
achieving its business objectives. This approach ensures 
a high level of independence and provides access to more 
skilled and specialised resources than would otherwise be 
available within the BAT Group.
BAT Group Internal Audit is staffed by over fifty personnel
with relevant professional qualifications. They comply with
the BAT Group’s SoBC and provide independent assurance.
Imad Rahman, Internal Audit Manager and permanent 
invitee to the AC, manages the remit of internal audit at 
BAT Malaysia. He holds a bachelor’s degree in Business 
Administration and a Master of Business Administration, 
majoring in Finance.
Management’s proposals regarding the appointment, 
transfer and removal of Internal Audit staff require the prior 
approval of the AC. Any inappropriate restrictions on the 
audit scope are to be reported to the AC. The Internal Audit 
Manager presents and reports the Internal Audit findings 
pertinent to BAT Malaysia Group at the AC meeting on a 
quarterly basis.

--- Page 132 ---
P . 130
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
The development of the annual audit plan continues to be 
risk-based, taking into consideration the evolving nature 
of the business and BAT Malaysia Group. The annual audit 
plan is developed based on the following:
• Key risks faced by BAT Malaysia Group.
• Continued progress towards becoming a globally 
integrated enterprise.
• Changes introduced by the global operating model.
Several types of audits exist within BAT Group, namely 
Process Audits (which include IT), Audits of Change, End 
Market Accountability Audits, Operations Audits and 
Other Audits.
• Process Audits carry out an end-to-end audit of 
business processes across various entities within BAT 
Group.
• Audits of Change focus on significant business change 
initiatives, such as key projects and programmes.
• End Market Accountability Audits consider BAT 
Group’s top risks.
• Operations Audits provide assurance of BAT Group’s 
ability to supply high-quality finished goods in line 
with the evolving needs of the business and regulatory 
agenda.
• Other Audits are conducted upon direct requests, 
which may arise due to an incident, a request from the 
Management, or a request from the AC.
During the financial year 2024, the subject matter of audits 
conducted by the BAT Group Internal Audit was as follows:
• New Categories (which comprised review of 
key commercial processes related to Regulatory 
Compliance, Brand Deployment, Consumer Order 
Management and Trade Marketing).
Additionally, there were certain IT application and system-
related audits carried out at Global level which provided 
assurance on the BAT Malaysia Group’s IT control 
environment.
Given that the Internal Audit Function is in-house and part 
of BAT Group, there is no cost recharged to BAT Malaysia 
Group.

--- Page 133 ---
P . 131
Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE REPORT
Eric Ooi Lip Aun
Independent Non-Executive Director (Chairman)
› TERMS OF REFERENCE
The TOR of the RMC is available in the Corporate Governance 
section of the Company’s website at www.batmalaysia.com
› COMPOSITION
Eric Ooi Lip Aun
Independent Non-Executive Director (Chairman)
Dato’ Chan Choon Ngai
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director (Member)
Adrian Lee Peng Yong
Executive Director/Finance Director (Member)
Appointed on 1 November 2024
Anthony Yong Mun Seng
Executive Director/Finance Director (Member)
Resigned on 1 November 2024
› ATTENDANCE
Eric Ooi Lip Aun 4/4
Dato’ Chan Choon Ngai 4/4
Anthony Yong Mun Seng 4/4
Adrian Lee Peng Yong N/A
The RMC is pleased to present the RMC Report for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2024.
The CRO was invited to RMC meetings to brief the committee 
on the agenda tabled at the meetings.
The RMC Chairman engaged with the Management on a 
continuous basis to keep abreast of matters affecting BAT 
Malaysia Group. Where significant issues were noted, the 
RMC Chairman communicated and conferred with other RMC 
members, either through emails or in meetings.
The minutes of each RMC meeting were recorded and tabled 
for confirmation at the next RMC meeting and subsequently 
presented to the Board for notation. The RMC Chairman 
provides reports to the Board, highlighting the significant 
points of discussion and recommendations for the Board’s 
consideration.
› SUMMARY OF ACTIVITIES
During the financial year ended 31 December 2024, the RMC 
undertook and/or deliberated on the following:
(1) Reviewed BAT Malaysia Group’s Risk Management 
Programme, which includes BAT Malaysia Group’s gross 
and net risks and associated mitigating actions, to ensure 
comprehensive management and reporting of all major 
risks to the Board.
(2) Reviewed BAT Malaysia Group’s BCPs as part of its 
business continuity management.
(3) Reviewed and endorsed the RMC Report for the Board’s 
approval for inclusion in the Annual Report 2024.
(4) Succession of CRO.

--- Page 134 ---
P . 132
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
ETHICAL AND PROCEDURAL STANDARDS
BAT Malaysia Group is committed to upholding high ethical 
and procedural standards that are aligned with our values 
and objectives. To this end, BAT Malaysia Group has in place 
internal policies, standards, guidelines, procedures and codes 
in support of our corporate governance framework. Some of 
the key internal policies, standards, guidelines, procedures and 
codes are outlined as follows:
A set of key policies, expressing the high 
standards of integrity BAT Malaysia 
Group is committed to upholding. 
The areas covered by the SoBC are 
Conflicts of Interest, Anti-Bribery and 
Corruption, Entertainment and Gifts, 
Respect in the Workplace, Human 
Rights, Health, Safety and Welfare, 
Environment, Political Contributions, 
Community Investments, Accurate 
Books and Records, Protection of 
Corporate Assets, Data Privacy, 
Ethics and Artificial Intelligence, 
Cybersecurity, Confidentiality and 
Information Security, Insider Dealing 
and Market Abuse, Competition and 
Anti-Trust, Sanctions and Export 
Controls, Anti-Illicit Trade and Anti-Tax 
Evasion and Anti-Money Laundering.
The SoBC requires all employees to 
act with high standards of business 
integrity and declare any conflict of 
interest. This disclosure exercise is 
carried out on an annual basis. BAT 
Malaysia Group is also a signatory of the 
Malaysian Corporate Integrity Pledge, 
which was signed on 19 February 
2014, demonstrating our commitment 
to upholding anti-corruption in the 
conduct of its business.
1. STANDARDS OF
 BUSINESS CONDUCT

--- Page 135 ---
P . 133
Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
2. SUPPLIER CODE
 OF CONDUCT
The SCoC complements the SoBC 
by defining the minimum standards 
that the suppliers of BAT Malaysia 
Group are expected to adhere to. The 
areas covered by this Code are Legal 
Compliance, Respecting Human 
Rights, Environmental Sustainability, 
Responsible Marketing and Business 
Integrity.
The regulations were put in place as 
part of the compliance with the stock 
exchange requirement under the 
Capital Markets and Services Act 2007 . 
The regulations ensure that designated 
insiders and persons connected to 
such insiders do not abuse and do not 
place themselves under suspicion of 
abusing, price sensitive information 
learned from their work for personal 
gain, in transactions whether on or off 
the stock market.
3. INTERNAL REGULATION
 ON  SECURITIES
 DEALINGS
This policy sets out BAT Malaysia 
Group’s commitment to be an 
environmentally responsible business 
and implementing environmental 
management standards and practices 
internally, through the global 
environmental, health and safety 
management system, which has 
been designed using the international 
environmental system standard ISO 
14001.
4. GLOBAL ENVIRONMENTAL,
 HEAL TH AND SAFETY
 POLICY MANUAL
This procedure governs how BAT 
Malaysia Group uses personal data 
belonging to individuals BAT Malaysia 
Group deals with on a daily basis, 
including consumers, employees, 
visitors to BAT Malaysia’s website and 
third parties we do business with.
7 . GROUP DATA PRIVACY
 PROCEDURE
This procedure is designed to assess 
and mitigate third party risks regarding:
• bribery and corruption
• money laundering
• terrorist financing
• illicit trade (supply chain compliance)
• sanctions
• the facilitation of tax evasion
8. THIRD PARTY
 ANTI-FINANCIAL
 CRIME PROCEDURE
The grievance procedure exists to 
provide guidance on operational-
level grievances between employees. 
The Human Resources department 
manages any grievances confidentially 
or otherwise, raised to resolve such 
matters.
9. GRIEVANCE
 PROCEDURE
This procedure provides for effective 
business-focused security throughout 
BAT Malaysia Group.
5. SECURITY
 PROCEDURE
This policy governs an adequate level 
of personal data protection pursuant 
to the collecting, processing, disclosing 
and cross-border transfer of personal 
data, past and prospective employees, 
consumers, customers, enquirers, 
complainants, suppliers, contractors, 
business associates and other agents 
of BAT Malaysia Group. This Policy 
also reflects the BAT Group’s Data 
Protection Policy, which incorporates 
current international standards for 
the protection of personal data and 
specific elements to comply with the 
Malaysian Personal Data Protection 
Act 2010 (PDPA).
6. POLICY ON DATA
 PROTECTION

--- Page 136 ---
P . 134
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Integrity in Corporate Reporting and Meaningful
Relationships With Stakeholders
PRINCIPLE C
The Board recognises the importance of effective and proactive 
engagement with both shareholders and stakeholders.
BAT Malaysia Group has a dedicated Corporate Finance team 
that meets with key institutional investors and analysts on a 
regular basis and responds to inquiries from shareholders.
The timely release of financial results on a quarterly basis 
provides an up-to-date view of BAT Malaysia Group’s 
performance and operations. Throughout the year, BAT 
Malaysia conducted two briefings for fund managers, 
institutional investors, investment analysts and the media. 
These briefings aim not only to disseminate BAT Malaysia 
Group’s financial results to a broad audience of investors, 
shareholders and the media but also to keep the investing 
public and other stakeholders updated on the progress and 
development of BAT Malaysia Group’s business. This is further 
testimony to BAT Malaysia Group’s continued commitment to 
transparency.
The engagement programme was adapted to leverage digital 
and physical interactions, enabling more investor contact 
through a broader range of event formats.
The primary contact for investor relation matters is as follows:
Name : Adrian Lee Peng Yong
Designation : Finance Director
Email : fdoffice_malaysia@bat.com
CONDUCT OF GENERAL MEETINGS
The Company acknowledges that good corporate governance 
requires the active participation of the shareholders in the 
decision-making process at the Company’s AGM. The AGM is 
the principal forum for dialogue and communication between 
the shareholders and the Board. On 8 May 2024, our 63
rd 
AGM took place, with shareholders participating remotely. 
They submitted questions and deliberated on BAT Malaysia's 
proposed resolutions and operations using the Remote 
Participation and Voting (RPV) facilities.
All Board members attended the meeting, addressing 
questions where possible. The Company committed to respond 
via email to queries not addressed during the AGM within five 
working days post-event.
Additionally, detailed responses to the questions raised by the 
MSWG were shared with all shareholders during the 63
rd AGM.
Shareholders received the Notice of the 63 rd AGM (Notice) 
at least 28 days in advance, giving them ample time to either 
arrange for their participation or appoint proxy(ies) to vote on 
their behalf. The Notice, published in local newspapers, was also 
available on the Company’s website (www.batmalaysia.com).
A summary of the 63
rd AGM, highlighting director attendance, 
shareholders’ questions and responses, outcomes of e-voting 
and replies to MSWG’s queries was shared with all shareholders 
and the public on our website.
REMOTE E-VOTING
For its 63 rd AGM, the Company utilised the RPV facilities to 
facilitate remote e-voting on the resolutions. The remote 
e-voting processes were explained during the general meeting 
and the poll results were verified by appointed scrutineers.
KEY FOCUS AREAS AND FUTURE PRIORITIES
The Board is fully committed to complying with the 
requirements of the MCCG 2021 and will continue to pursue 
efforts to address the remaining departures. Though we 
continue to make strides in our corporate governance journey, 
the Board recognises that our governance practices will only 
be as robust as those tasked with their execution.
The Board of Directors approved this Corporate Governance 
Overview Statement at its meeting held on 25 February 2025.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

--- Page 137 ---
P . 135
Annual Report 2024
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
RESPONSIBILITY
The Board recognises the importance of sound risk management practices and internal controls to safeguard shareholders’ 
investments and BAT Malaysia Group’s assets. The Board affirms its overall responsibility for BAT Malaysia Group’s system of 
risk management and internal control, which includes the establishment of an appropriate control environment and framework 
and a review of its adequacy and integrity. The Board as such is responsible for determining the nature and extent of the strategic 
risks that BAT Malaysia Group is willing to take to achieve its objectives, while in parallel maintaining sound risk management and 
systems of internal control. By virtue of the controversial nature of the industry in which we operate, the Board does not consider 
its strategic risk appetite to be high and it seeks to minimise risks at an operational level.
The Board tasked the Management to identify and assess the risks faced by BAT Malaysia Group and thereafter design, implement 
and monitor appropriate internal controls to control and mitigate those risks. BAT Malaysia Group has in place a systematic 
application of processes (outlined below) for identifying, evaluating, monitoring and managing significant risks faced by BAT 
Malaysia Group and this process includes reviewing and updating the system of internal controls to take into consideration 
changes in the regulatory, business and external environment. This process is reviewed by the Board via the AC and the RMC. The 
AC's responsibilities and duties can be found in the AC Report section, while the RMC's responsibilities are explained in the RMC 
Report section of this Annual Report.
There are inherent limitations to any system of internal controls and the system is set up to manage and minimise impact due 
to risks rather than completely eliminate risks that may impact the achievement of BAT Malaysia Group’s business objectives. 
Accordingly, it can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. The system of 
internal controls covers, inter alia, financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management procedures.
BAT Malaysia Group’s SoBC underpin our commitment to good corporate behaviour and are an integral part of BAT Malaysia 
Group’s system of corporate governance. The SoBC require all employees to act with high standards of business integrity, comply 
with all applicable laws and regulations and ensure that business standards are not compromised for the sake of results. Our SoBC 
are made available to our stakeholders and employees on our corporate website at www.batmalaysia.com.
ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT
TABLE 1: OBJECTIVES
› Preserve the safety and health of BAT Malaysia Group’s employees.
› Ensure the continuity of BAT Malaysia Group’s products to consumers and customers at all times.
› Protect BAT Malaysia Group’s assets and reputation.
› Ensure that BAT Malaysia Group’s operations do not impact negatively on the community in which it operates and the 
environment.
› Protect the interests of all stakeholders.
› Promote a risk awareness culture where risk management is an integral aspect of BAT Malaysia Group’s management 
systems.
› Ensure compliance to all applicable laws, the MCCG 2021 and BAT p.l.c. guidelines.

--- Page 138 ---
P . 136
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
THE
BOARD
RISK 
MANAGEMENT 
COMMITTEE
AUDIT 
COMMITTEE
RISK MANAGEMENT TEAM
Lead:
Finance Director
Facilitator:
CRO
INTERNAL AUDIT
EXTERNAL AUDIT
Internal audit provides independent assessment on the effectiveness and efficiency 
of internal controls.
External audit reviews the statement of risk management and internal controls 
pursuant to the scope set out in Audit and Assurance Practice Guide (AAPG) 3.
Members:
• Finance
• Trade Marketing & Distribution
• Marketing Deployment
• Supply Chain
• Human Resources
• Information Technology
• Environment, Health & Safety
• Legal
• Corporate and Regulatory AffairsRisk Management Committee
BAT Malaysia Group’s RMC is led by the Chairman, who is an Independent Non-Executive Director. The committee comprises 
three members, majority of whom are independent. The Committee meets quarterly to consider the risk registers proposed by 
the Risk Management Team and its mitigation action plans. The CRO assists the Committee to review, monitor and assess the 
effectiveness of BAT Malaysia Group’s implementation of risk mitigation actions in managing key risks.
Risk Management Team
BAT Malaysia Group’s Risk Management Team is led by the Finance Director and comprises senior managers from all functions of 
BAT Malaysia Group. It meets formally at least twice a year to review and update the risk register as well as to assess the status 
of risk mitigation action plans.
TABLE 2: RISK MANAGEMENT TEAM RESPONSIBILITIES
› Steer BAT Malaysia Group’s enterprise risk management programme.
› Promote a proactive risk awareness culture in BAT Malaysia Group.
› Review and assess BAT Malaysia Group’s risks formally twice during the year.
› Coordinate the development and implementation of risk mitigation action plans.
› Develop and update BCPs for key business risks.
› Plan and coordinate the testing of BCPs.
› Organise training and education for employees on risk management.

--- Page 139 ---
P . 137
Annual Report 2024
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
FIGURE 1: ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS FIGURE 2: RISK HEAT MAP
Four-phase Enterprise Risk Management Process (Figure 1)
(1) Risk Identification
All potential events that could adversely impact the 
achievement of business objectives, including failure to 
capitalise on opportunities, are identified.
(2) Risk Assessment and Evaluation
The identified business risks are then assessed and 
evaluated to determine their impact on the relevant 
business strategy/objectives and whether the risks are 
likely to occur (as per Figure 2), taking into account the 
degree of internal control and risk management measures 
in place:
• LIKELIHOOD of the risks crystallising
• IMPACT of the consequence
Assessment against a set of pre- specified criteria on a 
scale of 1 to 3 is completed for both Likelihood and Impact, 
the combination of which provides the total risk rating, 
ranging from 1 to 9. Risks are then categorised on a Risk 
Heat Map, which maps the significance of the risks to BAT 
Malaysia Group and determines the relative prioritisation 
and focus for risk mitigation.
The outcome of the risk identification and evaluation 
process is both a Risk Heat Map and a comprehensive risk 
register that documents all identified business risks.
ASSESS AND EVALUATE
MANAGE
MONITOR
IDENTIFYENTERPRISE
RISK
MANAGEMENT
PROCESS
3 6 9
2 4 6
1 2 3
LOW
LOW
MEDIUM
LIKELIHOOD
MEDIUM
IMPACT
HIGH
HIGH

--- Page 140 ---
P . 138
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
(3) Risk Management
In completing the risk register, risk owners are responsible for identifying action plans to manage and mitigate the risks, 
together with a timeline for completion of the actions. The risk owners are senior managers of BAT Malaysia Group.
A variety of risk management measures are used to manage the identified risks, as outlined in the table below:
RISK 
MANAGEMENT 
MEASURES
DESCRIPTION EXAMPLE
TOLERATE Accept or retain the risk, taking the chance of 
it occurring with its full impact, when all cost-
effective control measures have been put in place
Translational foreign exchange rate exposures
TREAT Control or reduce the risk to constrain it to an 
acceptable impact and/or likelihood level
Reducing levels of stock in a distributor’s 
warehouse helps to reduce impact
Implementing a new system to develop 
innovations reduce the likelihood of failing to 
develop new consumer-relevant products
TRANSFER Insure or contract to a third party Insuring the value of stocks in warehouses
Business interruption policies
TERMINATE Avoid or eliminate the activity that gives rise to the 
risk (make the uncertain certain by removing the 
risk)
Stop using chemicals which are unacceptable to 
the organisation
Exiting certain segments
(4) Risk Monitoring
Ongoing risk monitoring is conducted by the Risk Management Team to assess whether any conditions associated with a 
particular risk have changed and to ensure that action and risk mitigation plans have been implemented. Status of action/
mitigation plans are communicated to the RMC quarterly.
FIGURE 3: STRUCTURE OF CRISIS MANAGEMENT
CRISIS MANAGEMENT TEAM
• Provide leadership and 
coordination during a crisis.
• Decide on the best response to 
ensure early resolution of the crisis.
• Approve urgent expenditure 
and actions to ensure business 
continuity.
COMMUNICATIONS TEAM
• Handle all communications with 
stakeholders.
• Obtain the support of key 
stakeholders who can help 
overcome the crisis within the 
shortest timeframe.
• Coordinate execution of 
communication strategy.
CRISIS RESPONSE TEAM
• Implement agreed actions in 
response to a crisis.
• Keep the Crisis Management Team 
informed on the progress.
• Document all learning points and 
update the respective BCPs.

--- Page 141 ---
P . 139
Annual Report 2024
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
BUSINESS CONTINUITY AND CRISIS MANAGEMENT
BCP is defined as the strategic and tactical capability of BAT 
Malaysia Group to plan for and respond to incidents and 
business disruptions to continue business operations at an 
acceptable pre-defined level to avoid negative impact on the 
business.
In 2024, BAT Malaysia Group had 14 BCPs in place to manage 
the various potential disruptions that could impact BAT 
Malaysia Group. Examples are the Product Recall Plan, 
Finished Goods Supply Contingency Plan, SAP Contingency 
Plan, Denial of Site Plan and Pandemic Plan.
These plans were developed and updated for content by 
the owners on an annual basis. In addition, desktop reviews/
simulations were planned and conducted by the respective 
Functional Continuity Managers who are owners of the various 
BCPs with the support of the Crisis Response Team members, 
based on the testing schedule. The reviews and simulations 
indicated that the existing plans were still relevant to the 
current business environment.
In addition, BAT Malaysia Group has a structured approach to 
crisis management to ensure leadership and timely decision-
making in the event of a crisis and to manage the situation 
effectively within minimal time duration.
Our approach involves the immediate formation of a Crisis 
Management Team, assisted by a Crisis Response Team and a 
Communications Team. The responsibilities of these teams are 
outlined in Figure 3.
KEY RISKS TO BAT MALAYSIA GROUP
BAT Malaysia Group views three key risks that have the ability 
to significantly impact BAT Malaysia Group:
1. Illicit Trade
2. Market Reduction & Downtrading
3. Non-Compliance with Competition Laws/Guidelines
In addition to the above, BAT Malaysia Group is subject to the 
ever-present risk of competitor actions. Steps to anticipate, 
mitigate and neutralise such risks are core to our business.
2024 RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES
Review of BAT Malaysia Group’s Risks
The Risk Management Team reviewed and assessed BAT 
Malaysia Group’s risks formally twice during the year, in January 
and July 2024. The responsibilities of the Risk Management 
Team can be found on page 135.
During the BCP testing period, the CRO provided monthly 
updates on the status of the BCPs testing and highlighted any 
key threats to the internal controls of BAT Malaysia Group to 
the Leadership Team.
On a quarterly basis, the RMC was briefed by the CRO on BAT 
Malaysia Group’s Enterprise Risk Management Programme. 
The briefing includes updates on the key risks of BAT Malaysia 
Group, risk mitigation plans and the status of the BCPs testing.
Promotion of Risk Awareness
Risk communication is equally important and forms an 
integral part of the risk management activity as it focuses 
on the dissemination of risk information to appropriate 
levels of employees and stakeholders. Appropriate channels 
are available for employees to provide feedback on risk 
management issues and suggestions for improvement.
During the year, company-wide risk and control awareness 
communications were cascaded and department huddles 
conducted regularly for all employees throughout the nation. 
The objectives of the communications and huddles were to 
raise risk and control awareness within BAT Malaysia Group 
and to drive compliance of controls and adherence to risk 
mitigation plans.
Significant Risk Mitigation Activities
There were no significant risk mitigation activities required to 
be carried out in 2024.
SYSTEM OF INTERNAL CONTROL
Control Self-Assessment (CSA) Process
Central to BAT Malaysia Group’s system of internal control 
is its CSA process and the backbone of this process is a 
key control checklist known as the Control Navigator. The 
Control Navigator sets out various key controls and process 
requirements across all functions in BAT Malaysia Group. 
BAT Malaysia Group’s CSA process requires controls and 
processes to be self-assessed for effectiveness on an 
annual basis. Where control gaps/weaknesses are identified, 
corrective actions and timelines are identified and agreed. 
The findings from the CSA and year-on-year trend analysis 
are reported to the AC annually.
The self-assessment is carried out via an SAP-enabled tool, 
which provides a standardised central solution that automates 
and monitors key risks and controls at business level. The 
tool allows the business to use a combination of automated 
workflows, certification, manual controls and interactive 
reports to monitor control and compliance activities across BAT 
Malaysia Group. This has resulted in an improved visibility of 
assessment throughout the business, improved transparency 
of issues management and remediation, together with 
streamlining reporting.

--- Page 142 ---
P . 140
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
In 2024, BAT Malaysia Group’s Control Navigator was refreshed 
and updated.
Financial Reporting Controls
BAT Malaysia Group has in place a series of policies, practices 
and controls in relation to the financial reporting and 
consolidation process, which are designed to address key 
financial reporting risks, including risks arising from changes 
in the business or accounting standards. The Finance Director 
is required to confirm annually that all information relevant 
to BAT Malaysia Group audit has been provided and that 
reasonable steps have been taken to ensure full disclosure in 
response to requests for information from the external auditor. 
In addition, it is our practice for the Finance Director to review 
account reconciliations on a bi-annual basis.
The effectiveness of BAT Malaysia Group’s financial reporting 
controls is assessed through self-certification as part of the 
Control Navigator exercise. The integrity of BAT Malaysia 
Group’s public financial reporting is further supported by a 
number of processes and steps to provide assurance over the 
completeness and accuracy of the content, including review 
and recommendation by the AC and review and approval by 
the Board.
Information Technology (IT)
BAT Malaysia Group’s IT security programme is centred 
around the ‘Predict, Prevent, Detect and Respond’ framework, 
where each step in the cycle plays a role in decreasing the risk 
of information security failure or attack (as per Figure 4).
BAT Malaysia Group, with the assistance of professional 
information security companies, can predict the higher 
occurrence of any information security threats and with 
that implement prevention activities and controls to prevent 
or mitigate the likelihood of an attack. The preventive 
activities cover technology hygiene in terms of compliance 
with recognised industry security standards for system 
configuration, continuous testing to ensure readiness of 
recovery action and training users to avoid being compromised 
by social- based attacks.
The next step in the IT security programme is detection, where 
technical controls are put in place to detect anomalies. After 
thorough assessment, BAT Malaysia Group then responds by 
reacting to the breaches and mitigating any resulting damages.
Internal Audit
The role of Internal Audit for BAT Malaysia Group is fulfilled 
through the Global Audit function of BAT Group Internal 
Audit. This approach ensures a high level of independence 
and gives access to more skilled and specialised resources 
than would otherwise be available within BAT Malaysia 
Group. A permanent invitee from the Global Audit function 
attends AC meetings and is the liaison between the AC and 
Global Audit. The annual audit planning cycle takes direct 
input from both the risk register described above and the AC. 
In turn, the AC formally approves the scope of work for the 
year. Furthermore, the AC can request immediate assistance 
from Global Audit for any matter it considers appropriate.
FIGURE 4: IT SECURITY PROGRAMME
INTEGRATED & ADAPTIVE SECURITY SYSTEM
Centrally managed and continuously monitored
RESPOND
• React to breaches
• Mitigate the damage
• Analyse and learn
PREDICT
• Understand our risks
• Know the attack 
surface
• Uncover weak spots
PREVENT
• Minimise the attack 
surface
• Prevent incidents
DETECT
• Recognise incidents 
and threats and 
contain them

--- Page 143 ---
P . 141
Annual Report 2024
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
The BAT Group Internal Audit undertakes risk-based audit 
reviews structured in line with the operating model of the BAT 
Group. As such, five types of audits exist, namely Process Audits 
(including IT), Audits of Change, End Market Accountability 
Audits, Operations Audits and Other Audits.
• Process Audits cover an end-to-end audit on business 
processes across multiple entities of BAT Malaysia Group.
• Audits of Change focus on significant business change 
initiatives, including key projects and programmes.
• End Market Accountability Audits consider BAT Malaysia 
Group’s Top Risks.
• Operations Audits to provide assurance over the core of 
BAT Malaysia Group’s business and the ability to supply 
high-quality finished goods in line with the evolving needs 
of the business and regulatory agenda.
• Other Audits are those that are conducted arising from 
direct requests, either due to an incident, or a request from 
Management or a request from the AC.
More details on the audit activities conducted during the year 
can be found in the AC Report in this report.
External Audit
In the course of conducting the annual statutory audit of 
BAT Malaysia Group’s consolidated financial statements, 
the external auditors review and, where applicable, based on 
judgement, will highlight any significant audit, accounting and 
internal control matters that require attention of the Board and 
the AC. Results of the findings on the above are reported to 
the AC and the Management post substantial completion of 
the year-end audit. Additionally, the external auditors attend 
the quarterly AC meetings and, where applicable, will provide 
views on any related matters for the attention of the AC. At 
least twice a year, the AC meets the external auditors without 
the Executive Directors and Management being present. This 
year, the AC have met twice with the external auditors without 
the Executive Directors and the Management being present.
Other Key Elements of the System of Internal Control
Apart from the above, other key elements of BAT Malaysia 
Group’s internal control and risk management system that 
have been reviewed and approved by the Board are described 
below:
a. Policies, Procedures and Limits of Authority
• Clearly defined delegation of responsibilities to the 
Board Committees and to the Management, including 
organisation structures and appropriate authority 
levels.
• Clearly documented internal policies, standards and 
procedures are in place and are regularly updated 
to reflect changing risks or to resolve operational 
deficiencies. All policies are approved by the Board and 
cases of non-compliance to policies and procedures 
that are in place are reported to the Board and the AC 
by exception.
b. Immediately Reportable Incidents (IRIs)
• BAT Malaysia Group adheres to the BAT p.l.c. control 
procedure termed ‘Immediately Reportable Incidents’. 
This process seeks to capture breakdowns in basic 
controls and investigate root cause and immediate 
action thereof by the management. Seven areas of 
basic control issues are considered: (1) Reconciliation 
of Accounts Issue; (2) Reporting Issue; (3) Stock 
Control Issue; (4) Procurement Issue; (5) Segregation 
of Duties, Access, Password and Related Issues; (6) 
Effective Market Focus Demand Issue; and (7) Trade 
Debtor Management.
• Once the IRI has been finalized, the action plans will 
be tracked through to completion and progress to be 
reported to the Leadership Team, AC and the Board.
c. Strategic Business Plan, Budget and Performance Review
• Regular and comprehensive information is provided 
by the Management for monitoring of performance 
against the strategic plan, covering all key financial 
and operational indicators. On a quarterly basis, the 
Managing Director reviews with the Board all key 
performance metrics and highlights any issues.
• Annually, a detailed budgeting process is completed 
for the year ahead, which is discussed and approved 
by the Board.
• Effective reporting systems are in place to monitor 
business performance against business plans. Key 
changes to business plans are reported to the Board.
d. Insurance and Physical Safeguard
• Adequate insurance and physical security of major 
assets are in place to ensure that the assets of BAT 
Malaysia Group are sufficiently covered against 
any mishap that will result in material losses to BAT 
Malaysia Group.

--- Page 144 ---
P . 142
06. Our Governance01 02 03 04 05 07 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Sarbanes-Oxley Act
As a result of the acquisition of Reynolds American Incorporated (RAI), BAT p.l.c. is subject to US securities law, including the 
Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 (the Act). BAT p.l.c. has assigned the 11 sections of the Act to respective functional owners as 
stipulated below:
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
1
4
7
10
Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (PCAOB)
Indirect impact
Enhanced Financial Disclosure
Finance and Legal
Studies and Reports
Indirect impact
Corporate Tax Returns
Tax
2
5
8
11
Auditor Independence
Internal Audit
Analyst Conflicts of Interest
No impact
Corporate and Criminal
Fraud Accountability
Legal
Corporate Fraud and
Accountability
Legal and Human Resources
3
6
9
Corporate Responsibility
Finance, Human Resources,
Legal and Corporate and
Regulatory Affairs
Commission Resources
and Authority
No impact
White-Collar Crime Penalty
Enhancements
Legal
BAT Malaysia Group has continued to adopt the framework 
designed by BAT p.l.c. during the year. BAT Malaysia Group, 
being part of BAT p.l.c., is required to implement additional 
internal controls and procedures to deliver a heightened 
control environment.
CONTROL MATTERS
No significant deficiency or material weakness was reported 
in 2024.
BOARD ASSESSMENT
The Board is of the view that BAT Malaysia Group’s overall 
risk management and internal control system is operating 
adequately and effectively and has received the same 
assurance from both the Managing Director and Finance 
Director of BAT Malaysia Group. The Board confirms that 
the risk management process in identifying, evaluating and 
managing significant risks faced by BAT Malaysia Group has 
been in place throughout 2024 and up to the date of approval of 
this statement. The Board is also of the view that BAT Malaysia 
Group’s system of internal control is robust and is able to 
detect any material losses, contingencies or uncertainties that 
would require disclosure in BAT Malaysia Group’s 2024 Annual 
Report.
This Statement is made in accordance with the resolution of 
the Board of Directors on 25 February 2025.
REVIEW OF THE STATEMENT BY EXTERNAL AUDITORS
The external auditors have reviewed this Statement on Risk 
Management and Internal Control pursuant to the scope set 
out in Audit and Assurance Practice Guide (AAPG) 3, Guidance 
for Auditors on Engagements to Report on the Statement on 
Risk Management and Internal Control included in the Annual 
Report issued by the Malaysian Institute of Accountants (MIA) 
for inclusion in the annual report of BAT Malaysia Group for the 
year ended 31 December 2024 and reported to the Board that 
nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe 
that the statement intended to be included in the annual report 
of BAT Malaysia Group, in all material respects:
(a) has not been prepared in accordance with the disclosures 
required by paragraphs 41 and 42 of the Statement on Risk 
Management and Internal Control: Guidelines for Directors 
of Listed Issuers, or
(b) is factually inaccurate.
Audit and Assurance Practice Guide (AAPG) 3 does not require 
the external auditors to consider whether the Directors’ 
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control covers 
all risks and controls, or to form an opinion on the adequacy 
and effectiveness of BAT Malaysia Group’s risk management 
and internal control system including the assessment and 
opinion by the Board of Directors and Management thereon. 
The auditors are also not required to consider whether the 
processes described to deal with material internal control 
aspects of any significant problems disclosed in the annual 
report will, in fact, remedy the problems.

--- Page 145 ---
P . 143
Annual Report 2024
1. UTILISATION OF PROCEEDS
 There were no proceeds raised by the Company from any corporate proposal during the financial year ended 31 December 2024.
2. AUDIT AND NON-AUDIT FEES
 The amount of audit fees paid or payable to the external auditors, KPMG PL T, for services rendered to BAT Malaysia Group for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2024, are as follows:
Company
(RM)
Group
(RM)
Audit fees 4 2 7, 5 0 0 580,50 0
Non-Audit fees 278, 000 278, 000
3. MATERIAL CONTRACTS INVOLVING DIRECTORS AND MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS
 There were no material contracts entered into by BAT Malaysia Group involving Directors and Major Shareholders’ interests, either 
still subsisting at the end of the financial year ended 31 December 2024 or, if not then subsisting, entered into since the end of the 
previous financial year.
4. RECURRENT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS OF A REVENUE OR TRADING NATURE
 During BAT Malaysia’s 63rd AGM held on 8 May 2024, BAT Malaysia Group had obtained a renewal and new Recurrent Related Party 
Transaction (Recurrent RPTs) mandate with certain related parties (as defined in the Circular to Shareholders dated 4 April 2024). 
The Recurrent RPTs conducted during the financial year ended 31 December 2024 pursuant to the said mandate are disclosed in 
pages 217 to 219 of this Report.
Other Compliance Information

--- Page 146 ---


--- Page 147 ---
Financial
Performance
Financial Performance:
146 Directors’ Responsibility Statement
147 Directors’ Report
153 Statements of Profit or Loss
154 Statements of Other Comprehensive Income
155 Statements of Financial Position
156 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
158 Statement of Changes in Equity
160 Statements of Cash Flows
162 Notes to the Financial Statements
220 Statement by Directors
221 Statutory Declaration
222 Independent Auditors’ Report
GRI Standards Index:
226 GRI Standards Index
Other Information:
231 Corporate Information
232 Corporate Directory
233 Analysis of Shareholdings
237 Notice of Annual General Meeting
243 Administrative Details
 Proxy Form
SEC. 07

--- Page 148 ---
P . 146
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Directors’ Responsibility Statement
The Directors are required by the Companies Act 2016 (the Act) to prepare the financial statements for each financial year which 
have been made out in accordance with the provisions of the Act and the applicable approved accounting standards set out by 
Malaysian Accounting Standards Board so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and the Company at 
the end of the financial year as well as of the results and cash flows of the Group and the Company for the financial year.
In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are satisfied that the applicable approved accounting standards in Malaysia 
have been complied with and reasonable and prudent judgments and estimates have been made.
The Directors are responsible to ensure that the Group and the Company keep accounting records which disclose the financial 
position of the Group and the Company with reasonable accuracy, enabling them to ensure that the financial statements comply 
with the Act.
The Directors have overall responsibility for taking such steps necessary to safeguard the assets of the Group and to prevent and 
detect fraud and other irregularities.

--- Page 149 ---
P . 147
Annual Report 2024
Directors’ Report
for the Year Ended 31 December 2024
The Directors have pleasure in submitting their report to the members together with the audited financial statements of the 
Group and of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2024.
Principal Activities
The Company is principally engaged in providing day-to-day management and administrative services to its subsidiaries which are 
principally engaged in the sales, marketing and importation of cigarettes, pipe tobaccos, cigars, devices, other tobacco products 
and nicotine products. The details of the subsidiaries are as stated in Note 13 to the financial statements.
There have been no significant changes in the nature of the Company’s activities during the financial year.
Results
Group
RM’000
Company
RM’000
Profit for the year attributable to Shareholders of the Company 183,142 151,187
Reserves and Provisions
There were no material transfers to or from reserves and provisions during the financial year under review except as disclosed in 
Note 18 in the financial statements.
Dividends
Since the end of the previous financial year, the Company paid:
i) fourth interim ordinary dividend of 15 sen per ordinary share totalling RM42,829,500 in respect of the financial year ended  
31 December 2023 on 5 March 2024.
ii) first interim ordinary dividend of 10 sen per ordinary share totalling RM28,553,000 in respect of the financial year ended  
31 December 2024 on 20 June 2024.
iii) second interim ordinary dividend of 12 sen per ordinary share totalling RM34,264,000 in respect of the financial year ended 
31 December 2024 on 22 August 2024.
iv) third interim ordinary dividend of 22 sen per ordinary share totalling RM62,817 ,000 in respect of the financial year ended  
31 December 2024 on 27 November 2024.
The Directors declared a fourth interim ordinary dividend of 15 sen per ordinary share at the Board of Directors’ meeting on  
6 February 2025 amounting to RM42,830,000 in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2024 which will be paid on  
6 March 2025 to shareholders registered in the Company’s Register of Members at the close of business on 21 February 2025. 
The financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 do not reflect the fourth interim ordinary dividend which will be 
accounted for in the financial year ending 31 December 2025.
The Board of Directors do not recommend the payment of a final dividend in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2024.

--- Page 150 ---
P . 148
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Directors of the Company
Directors who served during the financial year until the date of this report are:
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Dr. Aseh Bin Haji Che Mat (Chairman)
Dato’ Chan Choon Ngai
Datuk Lee Oi Kuan (f)
Eric Ooi Lip Aun
Nedal Louay Salem
Norliza Binti Kamaruddin (f)
Adrian Lee Peng Yong** (Appointed on 1 November 2024)
Anthony Yong Mun Seng** (Resigned on 1 November 2024)
** This Director is also Director of the Company’s subsidiaries.
The name of the Directors of the Company’s subsidiaries in office since the beginning of the financial year to the date of this report 
are: 
Anthoney Lea Clayton (Appointed on 15 August 2024)
Fairuz Helmi Bin Abdul Malek (Appointed on 1 January 2025)
Darren John Corby (Resigned on 15 August 2024)
C.K. Remeena A/P C.K. Prabhakaran (f) (Resigned on 1 January 2025)
Directors’ Interests in Shares
The interests in the ordinary shares and share options of the Company and of its related corporations of those who were Directors 
at the end of the financial year as recorded in the Register of Directors’ Shareholdings are as follows:
Number of ordinary shares
At
1.1.2024 Bought Sold
At
31.12.2024
Company
Shareholdings in the name of the Director:
Dato’ Chan Choon Ngai 1,000 - - 1,000
Datuk Lee Oi Kuan (f) 100 - - 100
Director's Report
for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

--- Page 151 ---
P . 149
Annual Report 2024
Directors’ Interests in Shares (continued)
Number of ordinary shares in British American Tobacco p.l.c.
At 1.1.2024/
Date of
appointment Bought Sold
At
31.12.2024
Ultimate Holding Company
- British American Tobacco p.l.c.
 Shareholdings in the name of the Director:
 Datuk Lee Oi Kuan (f) 38,029 2,600 - 40,629
 Nedal Louay Salem 55,000 7 ,000 - 62,000
 Adrian Lee Peng Yong 2,191 - - 2,191
Number of ordinary shares in British American Tobacco p.l.c.
At 1.1.2024/
Date of
appointment Awarded Vested
At
31.12.2024
Ultimate Holding Company
- British American Tobacco p.l.c.
 Deferred Share Bonus Scheme & International
  Share Reward Scheme
 Shareholdings in the name of the Director:
 Nedal Louay Salem 6,267 1,735 (1,748) 6,254
 Adrian Lee Peng Yong 2,404 - - 2,404
Number of options in ordinary shares in
British American Tobacco p.l.c.
At 1.1.2024/
Date of
 Appointment Granted Exercised
At
31.12.2024
Ultimate Holding Company
- British American Tobacco p.l.c.
 Long-Term Incentive Plan (L TIP)
 Shareholdings in the name of the Director:
 Nedal Louay Salem
 L TIP (29 March 2031) 1,942 1,026 (2,968) -
 L TIP (25 March 2032) 7 ,146 - - 7 ,146
 L TIP (22 March 2033) 8,372 - - 8,372
 L TIP (20 March 2034) - 11,722 - 11,722
 Adrian Lee Peng Yong
 L TIP (20 March 2034) 671 - - 671
Director's Report
for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

--- Page 152 ---
P . 150
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Directors’ Interests in Shares (continued)
Some of the shares and options in the ultimate holding company held by Directors arose as a result of the Directors’ participation 
in the employee share schemes offered by British American Tobacco p.l.c. (British American Tobacco p.l.c. indirectly through British 
American Tobacco Holdings (Malaysia) B.V., owns fifty percent equity interest in the Company and is the Company’s ultimate 
holding company). Further details on the employee share schemes offered by British American Tobacco p.l.c. are provided in Note 
22 to the financial statements.
Directors’ Benefits
Since the end of the previous financial year, no Director has received nor become entitled to receive any benefit (other than those 
shown below) by reason of a contract made by the Company or a related corporation with the Director or with a firm of which the 
Director is a member, or with a company in which the Director has a substantial financial interest.
The Directors’ benefits paid to or receivable by Directors in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2024 are as follows:
From the
Company
RM’000
Directors of the Company:
 Fees 785
 Other emoluments 6,639
7 ,424
During and at the end of the financial year, no arrangements subsisted to which the Company is a party, being arrangements 
with the object or objects of enabling Directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or 
debentures of the Company or any other body corporate pursuant to requirements under the Companies Act 2016, other than 
as may arise from equity-settled share-based compensation plans offered by British American Tobacco p.l.c. (British American 
Tobacco p.l.c. is the ultimate holding company) as disclosed in Note 22 to the financial statements.
Issue of Shares and Debentures
There were no changes in the issued and paid-up capital of the Company during the financial year. There were no debentures 
issued during the financial year.
Options Granted over Unissued Shares
No options were granted to any person to take up unissued shares of the Company during the financial year.
Indemnity and Insurance Costs
During the financial year, Directors and Officers of the Group were covered under the Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance 
in respect of liabilities arising from acts committed in their respective capacities as, inter alia, Directors and Officers of the Group 
subject to the terms of the policy. The total premiums paid and indemnity coverage in respect of Directors’ and Officers’ Liability 
Insurance for the Directors and Officers of the Group were RM11,929 and RM4,414,354 respectively.
There were no indemnity and insurance costs effected for auditors of the Group and of the Company during the financial year.
Director's Report
for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

--- Page 153 ---
P . 151
Annual Report 2024
Other Statutory Information 
Before the financial statements of the Group and of the Company were made out, the Directors took reasonable steps to ascertain 
that:
i) all known bad debts had been written off and that adequate provision had been made for doubtful debts; and
ii) any current assets which were unlikely to be realised in the ordinary course of business have been written down to an amount 
which they might be expected so to realise.
At the date of this report, the Directors are not aware of any circumstances:
i) that would render the amounts written off for bad debts or the amount of the provision for doubtful debts in the Group and 
in the Company inadequate to any substantial extent; or
ii) that would render the value attributed to the current assets in the financial statements of the Group and of the Company 
misleading; or
iii) which have arisen that render adherence to the existing method of valuation of assets or liabilities of the Group and of the 
Company misleading or inappropriate; or
iv) not otherwise dealt with in this report or the financial statements that would render any amount stated in the financial 
statements of the Group and of the Company misleading.
At the date of this report, there does not exist:
i) any charge on the assets of the Group or of the Company that has arisen since the end of the financial year and which 
secures the liability of any other person; or
ii) any contingent liability in respect of the Group or of the Company which has arisen since the end of the financial year.
No contingent liability or other liability of any company in the Group has become enforceable, or is likely to become enforceable 
within the period of twelve months after the end of the financial year which, in the opinion of the Directors, will or may substantially 
affect the ability of the Group and of the Company to meet their obligations as and when they fall due.
In the opinion of the Directors, the financial performance of the Group and of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 
2024 have not been substantially affected by any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature nor has any such item, 
transaction or event occurred in the interval between the end of that financial year and the date of this report.
Holding Companies
The Directors regard British American Tobacco Holdings (Malaysia) B.V. (incorporated in Netherlands) as its immediate holding 
company and British American Tobacco p.l.c. (incorporated in England and Wales) as its ultimate holding company.
Director's Report
for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

--- Page 154 ---
P . 152
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Auditors 
The auditors, KPMG PL T, have indicated their willingness to continue in office. The Directors had endorsed the recommendation of 
the Audit Committee for KPMG PL T to be re-appointed as auditors.
The auditors’ remuneration of the Group and of the Company during the year are RM858,500 and RM705,500 respectively as 
disclosed in Note 4 to the financial statements.
Signed on behalf of the Board of Directors in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors:
Nedal Louay Salem
Managing Director
Adrian Lee Peng Yong
Finance Director
Kuala Lumpur
Date: 25 February 2025
Director's Report
for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

--- Page 155 ---
P . 153
Annual Report 2024
Statements of Profit or Loss 
for the Year Ended 31 December 2024
Group Company
Note
2024 
RM’000
2023 
RM’000
2024 
RM’000
2023 
RM’000
Revenue 3 2,315,404 2,310,999 159,977 247 ,398
Cost of sales (1,774,235) (1,742,965) - -
Gross profit 541,169 568,034 159,977 247 ,398
Other operating income 3,460 1,103 3,944 358
Distribution and marketing costs (139,250) (159,076) - -
Administrative expenses (98,309) (93,622) (2,016) (3,786)
Other operating expenses (28,553) (35,807) - -
Profit from operations 278,517 280,632 161,905 243,970
Finance costs (26,901) (24,293) (8,160) (8,414)
Profit before tax 4 251,616 256,339 153,745 235,556
Tax expense 7 (68,474) (61,591) (2,558) (1,414)
Profit for the year 183,142 194,748 151,187 234,142
The notes on pages 162 to 219 are an integral part of these financial statements.

--- Page 156 ---
P . 154
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Statements of Other Comprehensive Income 
as at Year Ended 31 December 2024
Group Company
Note
2024 
RM’000
2023 
RM’000
2024
 RM’000
2023 
RM’000
Profit for the year 183,142 194,748 151,187 234,142
Other comprehensive (expense)/income, net of 
tax:
Items that may be subsequently reclassified to 
profit or loss
- changes in fair value of cash flow hedges 20 (5,658) 3,541 - -
- deferred tax on fair value changes on cash flow  
 hedges 14 1,358 (850) - -
Total other comprehensive (expense)/income for 
the financial year, net of tax (4,300) 2,691 - -
Total comprehensive income for the financial year 178,842 197 ,439 151,187 234,142
Profit attributable to:
Shareholders of the Company 183,142 194,748 151,187 234,142
Total comprehensive income for the financial year 
attributable to:
Shareholders of the Company 178,842 197 ,439 151,187 234,142
Basic and diluted earnings per ordinary share 
(sen) 8 64.1 68.2
The notes on pages 162 to 219 are an integral part of these financial statements.

--- Page 157 ---
P . 155
Annual Report 2024
Statements of Financial Position
as at 31 December 2024
Group Company
Note
2024 
RM’000
2023 
RM’000
2024 
RM’000
2023 
RM’000
Assets
 Property, plant and equipment 10 50,299 65,692 12,599 18,907
 Computer software 11 1,809 1,311 1,220 -
 Goodwill 12 411,618 411,618 - -
 Subsidiaries 13 - - 723,395 723,395
 Deferred tax assets 14 12,565 6,587 2,544 2,603
Total non-current assets 476,291 485,208 739,758 744,905
 Inventories 15 10,538 44,910 - -
 Tax recoverable 2,245 2,321 1,965 877
 Trade and other receivables 16 669,208 625,920 20,765 2,485
 Derivative financial instruments 20 2,649 4,950 - -
 Cash and bank balances 35,385 27 ,849 23,680 21,051
Total current assets 720,025 705,950 46,410 24,413
Total assets 1,196,316 1,191,158 786,168 769,318
Equity
 Share capital 142,765 142,765 142,765 142,765
 Cash flow hedge reserve (1,445) 2,855 - -
 Retained earnings 246,617 231,939 347 ,454 364,731
Total equity attributable to the owners of the 
Company 17 387 ,937 377 ,559 490,219 507 ,496
Liabilities
 Lease liabilities 21 26,357 34,136 3,841 7 ,904
Total non-current liabilities 26,357 34,136 3,841 7 ,904
 Trade and other payables 18 194,464 219,317 286,646 247 ,900
 Borrowings 19 558,000 543,000 - -
 Derivative financial instruments 20 4,183 809 - -
 Lease liabilities 21 11,416 14,529 5,462 6,018
 Current tax liabilities 13,959 1,808 - -
Total current liabilities 782,022 779,463 292,108 253,918
Total liabilities 808,379 813,599 295,949 261,822
Total equity and liabilities 1,196,316 1,191,158 786,168 769,318
The notes on pages 162 to 219 are an integral part of these financial statements.

--- Page 158 ---
P . 156
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
for the Year Ended 31 December 2024
    Non-distributable    Distributable
Note
Share
capital
 RM’000
Cash flow
 hedge
reserve
 RM’000
Share-based
 payment
 reserve
 RM’000
Retained
 earnings
 RM’000
Total
 RM’000
Group
At 1 January 2024 142,765 2,855 - 231,939 377 ,559
Profit for the year - - - 183,142 183,142
Other comprehensive (expense)/
income:
- changes in fair value of cash
  flow hedges 20 - (5,658) - - (5,658)
- deferred tax on fair value
  changes on cash flow hedges 14 - 1,358 - - 1,358
Total comprehensive income - (4,300) - 183,142 178,842
Transactions with shareholders:
Expense arising from equity-
settled share-based payment 
transactions 22 - - 1,684 - 1,684
Recharge of share-based 
payments 22 - - (1,684) - (1,684)
Dividend for financial year ended 
31 December 2023
- fourth interim 9 - - - (42,830) (42,830)
Dividends for financial year ended 
31 December 2024
- first interim 9 - - - (28,553) (28,553)
- second interim 9 - - - (34,264) (34,264)
- third interim 9 - - - (62,817) (62,817)
Total transactions with 
shareholders of the Company - - - (168,464) (168,464)
At 31 December 2024 142,765 (1,445) - 246,617 387 ,937
 

--- Page 159 ---
P . 157
Annual Report 2024
    Non-distributable    Distributable
Note
Share 
capital
 RM’000
Cash flow
 hedge 
reserve
 RM’000
Share-based
 payment
 reserve
 RM’000
Retained
 earnings
 RM’000
Total
 RM’000
Group
At 1 January 2023 142,765 164 - 234,207 377 ,136
Profit for the year - - - 194,748 194,748
Other comprehensive (expense)/
income:
- changes in fair value of cash 
  flow hedges 20 - 3,541 - - 3,541
- deferred tax on fair value 
  changes on cash flow hedges 14 - (850) - - (850)
Total comprehensive income - 2,691 - 194,748 197 ,439
Transactions with shareholders:
Expense arising from equity-
settled share-based payment 
transactions 22 - - 2,524 - 2,524
Recharge of share-based 
payments 22 - - (2,524) - (2,524)
Dividend for financial year ended  
31 December 2022
- fourth interim 9 - - - (59,961) (59,961)
Dividends for financial year ended 
31 December 2023
- first interim 9 - - - (37 ,119) (37 ,119)
- second interim 9 - - - (45,685) (45,685)
- third interim 9 - - - (54,251) (54,251)
Total transactions with 
shareholders of the Company - - - (197 ,016) (197 ,016)
At 31 December 2023 142,765 2,855 - 231,939 377 ,559
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
for the Year Ended 31 December 2024
The notes on pages 162 to 219 are an integral part of these financial statements.

--- Page 160 ---
P . 158
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Statement of Changes in Equity  
for the Year Ended 31 December 2024
   Non-distributable   Distributable
Note
Share
capital
 RM’000
Share-based
 payment
 reserve
 RM’000
Retained
 earnings
 RM’000
Total
 RM’000
Company
At 1 January 2024 142,765 - 364,731 507 ,496
Profit for the year - - 151,187 151,187
Total comprehensive income - - 151,187 151,187
Transactions with shareholders:
Expense arising from equity-settled share-based 
payment transactions 22 - 1,403 - 1,403
Recharge of share-based payments 22 - (1,403) - (1,403)
Dividend for financial year ended 31 December 2023
- fourth interim 9 - - (42,830) (42,830)
Dividends for financial year ended 31 December 2024
- first interim 9 - - (28,553) (28,553)
- second interim 9 - - (34,264) (34,264)
- third interim 9 - - (62,817) (62,817)
Total transactions with shareholders of the 
Company - - (168,464) (168,464)
At 31 December 2024 142,765 - 347 ,454 490,219
 

--- Page 161 ---
P . 159
Annual Report 2024
   Non-distributable   Distributable
Note
Share
capital
 RM’000
Share-based
 payment
 reserve
 RM’000
Retained
 earnings
 RM’000
Total
 RM’000
Company
At 1 January 2023 142,765 - 327 ,605 470,370
Profit for the year - - 234,142 234,142
Total comprehensive income - - 234,142 234,142
Transactions with shareholders:
Expense arising from equity-settled share-based 
payment transactions 22 - 1,980 - 1,980
Recharge of share-based payments 22 - (1,980) - (1,980)
Dividend for financial year ended 31 December 2022
- fourth interim 9 - - (59,961) (59,961)
Dividends for financial year ended 31 December 2023
- first interim 9 - - (37 ,119) (37 ,119)
- second interim 9 - - (45,685) (45,685)
- third interim 9 - - (54,251) (54,251)
Total transactions with shareholders of the 
Company - - (197 ,016) (197 ,016)
At 31 December 2023 142,765 - 364,731 507 ,496
Statement of Changes in Equity 
for the Year Ended 31 December 2024
The notes on pages 162 to 219 are an integral part of these financial statements.

--- Page 162 ---
P . 160
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Statements of Cash Flows 
for the Year Ended 31 December 2024
Group Company
Note
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Operating activities
Profit before tax 251,616 256,339 153,745 235,556
Adjustments for:
- non-cash items 32,306 18,776 7 ,161 7 ,234
- interest income (585) (623) (585) (623)
- interest expense 26,901 24,293 8,159 8,414
Changes in working capital:
- inventories 34,372 25,632 - -
- trade and other receivables (43,619) 177 ,242 (18,283) 10,003
- trade and other payables (35,146) (6,103) 38,857 (31,007)
Cash from operations 265,845 495,556 189,054 229,577
Income tax paid (60,867) (99,011) (3,587) (4,716)
Net cash flow from operating activities 204,978 396,545 185,467 224,861
Investing activities
Property, plant and equipment
-  additions 10 (1,624) (1,009) (380) -
- proceeds from disposal 247 2,007 247 -
Addition of computer software 11 (1,796) - (1,255) -
Interest income received 585 623 585 623
Net cash flow (used in)/from investing activities (2,588) 1,621 (803) 623
Financing activities
Dividends paid to shareholders 9 (168,464) (197 ,016) (168,464) (197 ,016)
Interest expense paid on borrowings (25,355) (22,871) (7 ,810) (7 ,919)
Net drawdown/(repayment) of borrowings 19 15,000 (152,000) - -
Payment on lease liabilities 21 (14,489) (13,644) (5,412) (5,466)
Interest paid in relation to lease liabilities (1,546) (1,422) (349) (496)
Net cash flow used in  financing activities (194,854) (386,953) (182,035) (210,897)
Net increase in cash and bank balances 7 ,536 11,213 2,629 14,587
Cash and bank balances at 1 January 27 ,849 16,636 21,051 6,464
Cash and bank balances at 31 December 35,385 27 ,849 23,680 21,051

--- Page 163 ---
P . 161
Annual Report 2024
Statements of Cash Flows  
for the Year Ended 31 December 2024
(a) Cash outflows for leases as a lessee
Group Company
Note
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Included in net cash from operating 
activities:
Payment relating to short-term leases 4 31 1,272 - -
Included in net cash from financing 
activities:
Interest paid in relation to lease liabilities 4 1,546 1,422 349 496
Payment of lease liabilities 14,489 13,644 5,412 5,466
16,035 15,066 5,761 5,962
Total cash outflows for leases 16,066 16,338 5,761 5,962
The notes on pages 162 to 219 are an integral part of these financial statements.

--- Page 164 ---
P . 162
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Notes to the Financial Statements 
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad is a public limited liability company, incorporated and domiciled in Malaysia and is 
listed on the Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad. The address of the registered office and principal place of business 
of the Company is as follows:
Registered Office and Principal Place of Business
Level 19, Guoco Tower
Damansara City
No. 6 Jalan Damanlela
Bukit Damansara
50490 Kuala Lumpur
The consolidated financial statements of the Company as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 comprise the 
Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group" and individually referred to as “Group entities”).
The Company is principally engaged in providing day-to-day management and administrative services to its subsidiaries which are 
principally engaged in the sales, marketing and importation of cigarettes, pipe tobaccos, cigars, devices, other tobacco products 
and nicotine products. The details of the subsidiaries are as stated in Note 13 to the financial statements.
The Directors regard British American Tobacco Holdings (Malaysia) B.V. (incorporated in Netherlands) and British American 
Tobacco p.l.c. (incorporated in England and Wales), as its immediate and ultimate holding company respectively.
These financial statements were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 25 February 2025.
1. Basis of Preparation
(a) Statement of Compliance
 The financial statements of the Group and of the Company have been prepared in accordance with MFRS Accounting 
Standards as issued by the Malaysian Accounting Standards Board (“MFRS Accounting Standards”), IFRS Accounting 
Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS Accounting Standards”) and the 
requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia.
 The following are accounting standards, interpretations and amendments of the MFRS Accounting Standards that 
have been issued by the Malaysian Accounting Standards Board (“MASB”) but have not been adopted by the Group and 
the Company:
 MFRS Accounting Standards, interpretations and amendments effective for annual periods beginning on or after 
1 January 2025
• Amendments to MFRS 121, The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates – Lack of Exchangeability

--- Page 165 ---
P . 163
Annual Report 2024
1. Basis of Preparation (continued)
(a) Statement of Compliance (continued)
 MFRS Accounting Standards, interpretations and amendments effective for annual periods beginning on or after 
1 January 2026
• Amendments to MFRS 9, Financial Instruments and MFRS 7 , Financial Instruments: Disclosures – Classification 
and Measurement of Financial Instruments
• Amendments that are part of Annual Improvements – Volume 11:
• Amendments to MFRS 1, First-time Adoption of Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards
• Amendments to MFRS 7 , Financial Instruments: Disclosures
• Amendments to MFRS 9, Financial Instruments
• Amendments to MFRS 10, Consolidated Financial Statements
• Amendments to MFRS 107 , Statement of Cash Flows
• Amendments to MFRS 9, Financial Instruments and MFRS 7 , Financial Instruments: Disclosures – Contracts 
Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity
 MFRS Accounting Standards, interpretations and amendments effective for annual periods beginning on or after 
1 January 2027
• MFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
• MFRS 19, Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures
 MFRS Accounting Standards, Interpretations and amendments effective for annual periods beginning on or after 
a date yet to be confirmed
• Amendments to MFRS 10, Consolidated Financial Statements and MFRS 128, Investments in Associates and Joint 
Ventures – Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture
 
 The Group and the Company plan to apply the abovementioned accounting standards, interpretations and  
amendments, where applicable:
• from the annual period beginning on 1 January 2025 for the amendments that are effective for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2025.
• from the annual period beginning on 1 January 2026 for the amendments that are effective for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
• from the annual period beginning on 1 January 2027 for the accounting standards that are effective for annual 
periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027 .
 The initial application of the accounting standards, interpretations or amendments are not expected to have any 
material financial impact to the Group and the Company. 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 166 ---
P . 164
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
1. Basis of Preparation (continued)
(b) Basis of Measurement
 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for the following items, 
which are measured based on the measurement bases stated below: 
Items Measurement bases
Derivative financial instruments Fair value
Liabilities for equity-settled share-based payment arrangements Fair value
(c) Functional and Presentation Currency
 These financial statements are presented in Ringgit Malaysia (“RM”), which is the Company’s functional currency.  
All financial information is presented in RM and has been rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise stated.
(d) Use of Estimates and Judgements
 The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with MFRS Accounting Standards requires management 
to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported 
amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
 Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are 
recognised in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected.
 There are no significant areas of estimation uncertainty and critical judgements in applying accounting policies 
that have significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements other than those disclosed in the 
following note:
• Note 12 – impairment of goodwill
 
2. Comparative figures
 Certain reclassifications were made to comparatives to conform with current year presentation as below:
2023
As
 previously
reported
 RM’000
Reclassification
 RM’000
As
 restated
 RM’000
Reclassification
Statement of financial position
Inventories 32,570 12,340 44,910
Trade and other payables 206,977 12,340 219,317
 
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 167 ---
P . 165
Annual Report 2024
3. Revenue
Group Company
2024 
RM’000
2023 
RM’000
2024 
RM’000
2023 
RM’000
Revenue from contracts with customers:
Sale of cigarettes, pipe tobaccos, cigars, devices, 
other tobacco and nicotine products 2,314,292 2,310,999 - -
Other revenue:
Dividend income from unquoted subsidiaries - - 154,464 242,412
Management fee from subsidiaries - - 4,869 2,918
Management fee from related company 1,112 - 644 -
Fee for usage of property, plant and equipment from 
subsidiaries - - - 2,068
2,315,404 2,310,999 159,977 247 ,398
 The Group is primarily engaged in the sales, marketing and importation of cigarettes, pipe tobaccos, cigars, devices and 
other tobacco and nicotine products. Revenue of the Group is recognised at a point in time when it transfers control of 
tobacco products and nicotine devices to the customers. Payment terms given to customers range from 1 to 75 days from 
invoice date. Variable elements in consideration are those trade discounts, volume rebates, trade incentives and rights of 
return. The Group allows return only for exchange with new goods (i.e. no cash refunds are offered).
 Material accounting policy information 
(a) Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer in exchange for transferring 
goods or services to a customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties. The Group or the Company 
recognises revenue when (or as) it transfers control over a product or service to the customer. An asset is transferred 
when (or as) the customer obtains control of the asset.
(b) Dividend Income
 Dividend income is recognised in the profit or loss on the date that the Group’s or the Company’s right to receive 
payment is established.
(c) Management Fee
 Management fee is recognised when services are rendered.
(d) Fee for usage of Property, Plant and Equipment
 Fee for usage of property, plant and equipment is recognised when services are rendered.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 168 ---
P . 166
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
4. Profit Before Tax
Group Company
Note
2024 
RM’000
2023 
RM’000
2024 
RM’000
2023 
RM’000
Profit before tax is arrived at after charging:
Auditors’ remuneration:
- Fees for statutory audit of the financial  
 statements 581 571 428 418
- Fees for other audit-related services 278 248 278 248
Raw materials and consumables used 222,783 213,409 - -
Excise duties 1,290,324 1,272,634 - -
Staff costs 6 72,209 58,514 17 ,150 13,083
Property, plant and equipment:
- depreciation 10 4,373 5,286 1,722 2,106
- depreciation of right-of-use (“ROU”)  
 assets 10 14,527 12,974 5,232 5,055
- write-off 10 1,649 199 446 -
Computer software:
- amortisation 11 1,298 1,218 35 -
Net loss on impairment of financial assets  
at amortised cost 24.4 37 - - -
Expenses relating to:
- short-term lease a 31 1,272 - -
Inventories written-off 15 8,001 16,653 - -
Net provision for market returns 11,498 - - -
Finance costs:
- lease liabilities 1,546 1,422 349 496
- borrowings 25,355 22,871 7 ,810 7 ,919
Net foreign exchange loss - 2,802 - 264
and after crediting:
Gain on disposal of property, plant and 
equipment 166 280 166 -
Interest income on deposits 585 623 585 623
Gain on derecognition of lease assets 18 40 - -
Gain on derivatives 20 286 2,343 - -
Net reversal in provision for market returns - 2,227 - -
Net foreign exchange gain 1,955 - 319 -
Reversal on impairment of financial assets  
at amortised cost 24.4 - 177 - -
 
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 169 ---
P . 167
Annual Report 2024
4. Profit Before Tax (continued)
 Note a
 The Group leases buildings and motor vehicles with contract terms of less than 1 year. These leases are short-term leases 
and the Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and lease liabilities for these leases.
5. Directors’ Remuneration
Group and Company
2024 
RM’000
2023 
RM’000
Fees 785 775
Other emoluments 6,639 5,883
7 ,424 6,658
 
 Included in other emoluments is the estimated monetary value of benefits in kind provided to Directors of the Group and 
of the Company during the financial year amounted to RM539,000 (2023: RM718,000) and RM539,000 (2023: RM718,000) 
respectively.
 Details of the movements of certain Directors’ equity-settled share-based payments arrangements, covering the Deferred 
Share Bonus Scheme and International Share Reward Scheme are as follows, representing number of ordinary shares 
awarded during the tenure of the Directors’ service with the Group and the Company.
Number of ordinary shares in British American Tobacco p.l.c.
At
 1.1.2023
Other
 movements*
At
 31.12.2023/
1.1.2024
Other
 movements*
At
 31.12.2024
Executive Directors
Deferred Share Bonus Scheme 8,890 993 9,883 (1,510) 8,373
International Share Reward Scheme 313 (27) 286 (1) 285
9,203 966 10,169 (1,511) 8,658
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 170 ---
P . 168
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
5. Directors’ Remuneration (continued)
 Details of the movements of the Directors’ participation in the equity-settled Long-Term Incentive Plan are as follows, 
representing number of options in ordinary shares granted during the tenure of the Directors’ service with the Group and the 
Company.
Number of options in ordinary shares in British American Tobacco p.l.c.
Grant price
At
 1.1.2023
Other
 movements*
At
 31.12.2023/
 1.1.2024
Other
 movements*
At
 31.12.2024
£26.33 1,986 (1,986) - - -
£24.04 1,942 - 1,942 (1,942) -
£32.18 9,070 - 9,070 (1,924) 7 ,146
£29.71 - 10,450 10,450 (2,078) 8,372
£23.84 - - - 12,393 12,393
12,998 8,464 21,462 6,449 27 ,911
* Other movements relate to ordinary shares and options that would have lapsed or movement of Directors during the 
financial year.
6. Staff Costs
Group Company
2024 
RM’000
2023 
RM’000
2024 
RM’000
2023 
RM’000
Wages, salaries and bonuses 58,914 46,357 13,386 10,790
Defined contribution plan 5,062 5,182 880 755
Other staff related expenses 8,233 6,975 2,884 1,538
72,209 58,514 17 ,150 13,083
 Included in staff costs is an amount for other emoluments as part of Directors’ remuneration disclosed in Note 5 to the 
financial statements.
 Staff costs recharged by the Company to the subsidiaries during the year amounted to RM17 ,206,000 (2023: RM12,185,000).
 Material accounting policy information
(a) Short-term Employee Benefits
 Short-term employee benefit obligations in respect of salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave and sick leave are 
measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related service is provided.
 A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus or profit-sharing plans if 
the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the 
employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 171 ---
P . 169
Annual Report 2024
6. Staff Costs (continued)
 Material accounting policy information (continued)
(b) State Plans
 The Group’s contributions to statutory pension funds are charged to the profit or loss in the financial year to which 
they relate. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in future 
payments is available.
(c) Termination Benefits
 Termination benefits are expensed at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits 
and when the Group recognises costs for a restructuring. If benefits are not expected to be settled wholly within 12 
months of the end of the reporting period, then they are discounted.
7 . Tax Expense
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Income tax expense
- current year 66,662 63,085 1,863 1,871
- under/(over) provision in prior year 6,432 (1,869) 636 563
73,094 61,216 2,499 2,434
Deferred tax expense/(credit)
- reversal and origination of temporary differences (516) 2,402 177 (793)
- under provision in prior year (4,104) (2,027) (118) (227)
(4,620) 375 59 (1,020)
68,474 61,591 2,558 1,414
Group Company
2024
%
2023
%
2024
%
2023
%
Reconciliation of tax rate
Statutory tax rate 24 24 24 24
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 2 2 2 1
(Over)/Under provision in prior year 1 (2) - -
Income not subject to tax - - (24) (24)
27 24 2 1
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 172 ---
P . 170
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
7 . Tax Expense (continued)
 Material accounting policy information
 Tax expense comprises income and deferred tax. Income tax and deferred tax are recognised in the profit or loss except to 
the extent that they relate to a business combination or items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income.
 Income tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or 
substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous financial 
years.
8. Earnings Per Share
 The calculation of basic earnings per share was based on the profit attributable to ordinary shareholders and weighted 
average number of ordinary shares outstanding, calculated as follows:
Group
2024 2023
Profit for the year (RM’000) 183,142 194,748
Weighted average number of ordinary shares:
Number of ordinary shares at 31 December (’000) 285,530 285,530
Basic earnings per ordinary share (sen) 64.1 68.2
 The Group’s diluted profit per ordinary share for the financial year approximates its basic earnings per ordinary shares.
 Material accounting policy information
 The Group presents basic earnings per share data for its ordinary shares (“EPS”).
 Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company by the weighted 
average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, adjusted for own shares held.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 173 ---
P . 171
Annual Report 2024
9. Dividends
 Dividends paid or declared in respect of the financial year are as follows:
Sen
 per share
Total
 amount
 RM’000
2024
Fourth interim dividend 2023 15.0 42,830
First interim dividend 2024 10.0 28,553
Second interim dividend 2024 12.0 34,264
Third interim dividend 2024 22.0 62,817
Total amount 59.0 168,464
2023
Fourth interim dividend 2022 21.0  59,961 
First interim dividend 2023 13.0  37 ,119 
Second interim dividend 2023 16.0  45,685 
Third interim dividend 2023 19.0  54,251 
Total amount 69.0  197 ,016 
 The first, second and third interim dividends are paid and accounted for in shareholders’ equity as an appropriation of  
retained earnings in the financial year they are declared.
 The Directors declared a fourth interim ordinary dividend of 15.0 sen per ordinary share at the Board of Directors’ meeting 
on 6 February 2025 amounting to RM42,830,000 in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2024 which will be 
paid on 6 March 2025 to shareholders registered in the Company’s Register of Members at the close of business on 21 
February 2025. These financial statements do not reflect the fourth interim ordinary dividend which will be accounted for in 
the financial year ending 31 December 2025.
 The Board of Directors do not recommend the payment of a final dividend in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 
2024.
 Material accounting policy information
 Interim dividends are recognised as a liability in the period in which they are declared. Final dividends are recognised in the 
period approval of members is obtained.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 174 ---
P . 172
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
10. Property, Plant and Equipment
Buildings
 (ROU
 assets)*
 RM’000
Machinery
 and
 equipment
 RM’000
Furniture
 and fittings
 RM’000
Furniture
 and fittings
 (ROU
 assets)*
 RM’000
 Motor
 vehicles
 RM’000
Motor
 vehicles
 (ROU
 assets)*
 RM’000
Capital
 work-in-
progress
 RM’000
Total
 RM’000
Group
Cost
At 1 January 2023 42,869 5,823 29,430 967 7 ,847 15,409 3,849 106,194
Additions 28,636 - 1,009 - - 1,338 - 30,983
Disposals - - - - (4,496) - - (4,496)
Derecognition (149) - - - - (2,464) - (2,613)
Remeasurement (201) - - - - - - (201)
Reclassification - - 3,551 - - - (3,551) -
Write-off - - (895) - (933) - - (1,828)
At 31 December 2023/  
1 January 2024 71,155 5,823 33,095 967 2,418 14,283 298 128,039
Additions 948 - 1,244 419 - 1,915 380 4,906
Disposals (7 ,678) (896) (344) - (543) - - (9,461)
Derecognition - - - - - (63) - (63)
Remeasurement 350 - - - - - - 350
Reclassification - - 99 - - - (99) -
Write-off - (583) (2,740) - - - - (3,323)
At 31 December 2024 64,775 4,344 31,354 1,386 1,875 16,135 579 120,448
 
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 175 ---
P . 173
Annual Report 2024
10. Property, Plant and Equipment (continued)
Buildings
 (ROU
 assets)*
 RM’000
Machinery
 and
 equipment
 RM’000
Furniture
 and fittings
 RM’000
Furniture
 and fittings
 (ROU
 assets)*
 RM’000
 Motor
 vehicles
 RM’000
Motor
 vehicles
 (ROU
 assets)*
 RM’000
Capital
 work-in-
progress
 RM’000
Total
 RM’000
Group
Accumulated depreciation
At 1 January 2023 24,144 1,384 15,217 185 4,927 4,055 - 49,912
Charge for the year 7 ,598 - 4,831 261 455 5,115 - 18,260
Disposals - - - - (2,769) - - (2,769)
Derecognition (58) - - - - (1,369) - (1,427)
Write-off - - (895) - (734) - - (1,629)
At 31 December 2023/  
1 January 2024 31,684 1,384 19,153 446 1,879 7 ,801 - 62,347
Charge for the year 8,840 317 3,935 287 121 5,400 - 18,900
Disposals (7 ,678) (896) (344) - (462) - - (9,380)
Derecognition - - - - - (44) - (44)
Write-off - (168) (1,506) - -  - - (1,674)
At 31 December 2024 32,846 637 21,238 733 1,538 13,157 - 70,149
Carrying amounts
At 1 January 2023 18,725 4,439 14,213 782 2,920 11,354 3,849 56,282
At 31 December 2023/  
1 January 2024 39,471 4,439 13,942 521 539 6,482 298 65,692
At 31 December 2024 31,929 3,707 10,116 653 337 2,978 579 50,299
 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 176 ---
P . 174
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
10. Property, Plant and Equipment (continued)
Buildings
 (ROU assets)*
 RM’000
Furniture
 and fittings
 RM’000
Furniture
 and fittings
 (ROU assets)*
 RM’000
Motor
 vehicles
 RM’000
Motor
 vehicles
 (ROU assets)*
 RM’000
Capital
 work-in-
progress
 RM’000
Total
 RM’000
Company
Cost
At 1 January 2023 30,565 18,775 967 1,763 136 228 52,434
Additions 1,143 - - - 305 - 1,448
Reclassification - 228 - - - (228) -
Remeasurement (202) - - - - - (202)
Write-off - (704) - - - - (704)
At 31 December 2023/ 
1 January 2024 31,506 18,299 967 1,763 441 - 52,976
Additions - - 420 - 373 380 1,173
Write-off - (1,158) - - - - (1,158)
Disposal - (186) - (543) - - (729)
At 31 December 2024 31,506 16,955 1,387 1,220 814 380 52,262
 
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 177 ---
P . 175
Annual Report 2024
10. Property, Plant and Equipment (continued)
Buildings
 (ROU assets)*
 RM’000
Furniture
 and fittings
 RM’000
Furniture
 and fittings
 (ROU assets)*
 RM’000
Motor
 vehicles
 RM’000
Motor
 vehicles
 (ROU assets)*
 RM’000
Capital
 work-in-
progress
 RM’000
Total
 RM’000
Company
Accumulated 
depreciation
At 1 January 2023 14,905 11,359 185 1,118 45 - 27 ,612
Charge for the year 4,715 1,829 261 277 79 - 7 ,161
Write-off - (704) - - - - (704)
At 31 December 2023/ 
1 January 2024 19,620 12,484 446 1,395 124 - 34,069
Charge for the year 4,626 1,646 287 76 319 - 6,954
Disposal - (186) - (462) - - (648)
Write-off - (712) - - - - (712)
At 31 December 2024 24,246 13,232 733 1,009 443 - 39,663
Carrying amounts
At 1 January 2023 15,660 7, 4 1 6 782 645 91 228 24,822
At 31 December 2023/ 
1 January 2024 11,886 5,815 521 368 317 - 18,907
At 31 December 2024 7 ,260 3,723 654 211 371 380 12,599
* The Group leases office building, motor vehicle, warehouse, factory and computer equipment that run for 3 to 10 years, with an option to renew 
the lease after that date.
 
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 178 ---
P . 176
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
10. Property, Plant and Equipment (continued)
 Extension options
 Some leases contain extension options exercisable by the Group and the Company up to one year before the end of the  
non-cancellable contract period. Where practicable, the Group and the Company seek to include extension options in new 
leases to provide operational flexibility. The Group and the Company assess at lease commencement whether it is reasonably 
certain to exercise the extension options. The Group and the Company reassess whether it is reasonably certain to exercise 
the options if there is a significant event or significant change in circumstances within its control.
 Material accounting policy information
(a) Recognition and Measurement
 Items of property, plant and equipment, except for freehold land, are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation 
and any accumulated impairment losses. 
 Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset and any other costs directly 
attributable to bringing the asset to working condition for its intended use, and the costs of dismantling and removing 
the items and restoring the site on which they are located. The cost of self-constructed assets also includes the cost 
of materials and direct labour. For qualifying assets, borrowing costs are capitalised in accordance with the accounting 
policy on borrowing costs. Cost also may include transfers from equity of any gain or loss on qualifying cash flow 
hedges of foreign currency purchases of property, plant and equipment. 
 Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as part of that equipment. 
 When significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for 
as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.
 The gain and loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined by comparing the proceeds 
from disposal with the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment and is recognised net within “other operating 
income” and “other operating expenses” respectively in the profit or loss.
(b) Subsequent Costs
 The cost of replacing a component of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in the carrying amount 
of the item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the component will flow to the Group or 
the Company, and its cost can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced component is derecognised 
to the profit or loss. The costs of the day-to-day servicing of property, plant and equipment are recognised in the profit 
or loss as incurred.
 
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 179 ---
P . 177
Annual Report 2024
10. Property, Plant and Equipment (continued)
 Material accounting policy information (continued)
(c) Depreciation 
 Depreciation is based on the cost of an asset less its residual value. Significant components of individual assets are 
assessed, and if a component has a useful life that is different from the remainder of that asset, then that component 
is depreciated separately.
 Depreciation is recognised in the profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each component 
of an item of property, plant and equipment from the date that they are available for use. Freehold land is not depreciated. 
Property, plant and equipment under construction are not depreciated until the assets are ready for their intended use.
 The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative years are as follows:
Buildings 2 to 10 years
Machinery and equipment 14 to 20 years
Furniture and fittings (including computer equipment and peripherals) Various periods not exceeding 10 years
Motor vehicles 2 to 5 years
 Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at the end of the reporting period, and adjusted as 
appropriate. 
 Leases
(a) Definition of a Lease Contract
 A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys a right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of 
time in exchange for consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified 
asset, the Group and the Company assess whether:
• the contract involves the use of an identified asset – this may be specified explicitly or implicitly, and should be 
physically distinct or represent substantially all of the capacity of a physically distinct asset. If the supplier has a 
substantive substitution right, then the asset is not identified;
• the customer has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset throughout 
the period of use; and
• the customer has the right to direct the use of the asset. The customer has this right when it has the decision-
making rights that are most relevant to changing how and for what purpose the asset is used. In rare cases where 
the decision about how and for what purpose the asset is used is predetermined, the customer has the right to 
direct the use of the asset if either the customer has the right to operate the asset; or the customer designed the 
asset in a way that predetermines how and for what purpose it will be used.
 At inception or on reassessment of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group and the Company allocate 
the consideration in the contract to each lease and non-lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone 
prices. However, for leases of properties in which the Group and the Company is a lessee, it has elected not to separate 
non-lease components and will instead account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 180 ---
P . 178
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
10. Property, Plant and Equipment (continued)
 Material accounting policy information (continued)
 Leases (continued)
(b) Recognition and Initial Measurement
(i) As a Lessee
 The Group and the Company recognise a right-of-use (“ROU”) asset and a lease liability at the lease 
commencement date. The right-of-use (“ROU”) asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial 
amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus 
any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to 
restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received.
 The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the 
commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily 
determined, the respective Group entities’ incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Group entities use their 
incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate.
 Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:
• fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments less any incentives receivable;
• variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the 
commencement date;
• amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee;
• the exercise price under a purchase option that the Group and the Company is reasonably certain to 
exercise; and
• penalties for early termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to terminate early.
 The Group and the Company exclude variable lease payments that linked to future performance or usage of the 
underlying asset from the lease liability. Instead, these payments are recognised in profit or loss in the period in 
which the performance or use occurs.
 The Group and the Company have elected not to recognise right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and lease liabilities for 
short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets. The Group and the 
Company recognise the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over 
the lease term.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 181 ---
P . 179
Annual Report 2024
10. Property, Plant and Equipment (continued)
Material accounting policy information (continued)
Leases (continued)
(c) Subsequent Measurement
(i) As a Lessee
 The right-of-use (“ROU”) asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the 
commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use (“ROU”) asset or the end of the 
lease term. The estimated useful lives of right-of-use (“ROU”) assets are determined on the same basis as those 
of property, plant and equipment. In addition, the right-of-use (“ROU”) asset is periodically reduced by impairment 
losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.
 The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when there 
is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a revision of in-substance 
fixed lease payments, or if there is a change in the Group and the Company’s estimate of the amount expected to 
be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Group and the Company change its assessment of whether 
it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option.
 When the lease liability is remeasured, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-
of-use (“ROU”) asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use (“ROU”) asset has 
been reduced to zero.
11. Computer Software
Group Company
2024 
RM’000
2023 
RM’000
2024 
RM’000
2023 
RM’000
Cost
At 1 January 3,740 4,238 87 87
Additions 1,796 - 1,255 -
Write-off - (498) - -
At 31 December 5,536 3,740 1,342 87
Accumulated amortisation
At 1 January 2,429 1,211 87 87
Charge for the year 1,298 1,218 35 -
At 31 December 3,727 2,429 122 87
Carrying amounts
At 31 December 1,809 1,311 1,220 -
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 182 ---
P . 180
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
11. Computer Software (continued)
 Material accounting policy information
(a) Other Intangible Assets
 Intangible assets, other than goodwill, that are acquired by the Group and the Company, which have finite useful lives, 
are measured at cost less any accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses.
(b) Subsequent Expenditure
 Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it increases the future economic benefits embodied in the specific 
asset to which it relates. All other expenditure, including expenditure on internally generated goodwill and brands, is 
recognised in the profit or loss as incurred.
(c) Amortisation
 Intangible assets are amortised from the date that they are available for use. Amortisation is based on the cost of an 
asset less its residual value. Amortisation is recognised in the profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated 
useful lives of intangible assets. 
 The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative years are as follows:
 Computer software 3 to 5 years
 Amortisation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and adjusted, 
if appropriate. The amortisation of computer software is recognised in administrative expenses.
12. Goodwill
Group
2024 
RM’000
2023 
RM’000
Carrying amount at 31 December 411,618 411,618
 Goodwill arose from the acquisition of the business of Malaysian Tobacco Company Berhad, and represents the excess 
of the fair value of the purchase consideration over the Group’s share of the fair values of the net assets of the subsidiary 
companies acquired on 2 November 1999, the date of acquisition. 
 The carrying amount of goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually. Impairment is determined for goodwill by assessing 
the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the goodwill relates. The carrying amount of goodwill fully 
relates to the West Malaysia cash-generating unit. The recoverable amount has been determined based on value-in-use 
calculations. For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to the Group’s operating divisions which represent 
the lowest level within the Group at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes.
 The key assumptions for the recoverable amount are management’s current estimates for revenue, volume growth 
and terminal growth rate as well as a pre-tax discount rate of 10.6 percent (2023: 10.2 percent). These assumptions are 
determined by management using past experience and external information where available. The assumptions are applied 
to a projection for a period of five years (2023: five years) plus terminal value.
 
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 183 ---
P . 181
Annual Report 2024
12. Goodwill (continued)
 The value-in-use calculations use cash flows based on detailed financial budgets prepared by management covering a  
one-year period extrapolated over a 5-year horizon with growth of 2.1% (2023: 4.0%) in years 2 to 5. A 5-year horizon is 
considered appropriate based on the Group’s history of profit and cash growth, its well-balanced portfolio of brands and the 
industry in which it operates. A terminal growth rate was assumed beyond the 5-year horizon taking into account potential 
long-term volume decline of combustible products offset by a conservative rate of growth assumed for new category 
products as the Group pivots into a multicategory business. Terminal growth rates are reassessed on an annual basis. 
 Based on the assessment, the recoverable amount exceeded the carrying amount of the goodwill. Accordingly, no impairment 
loss was recognised in 2024 (2023: Nil). 
 Based on sensitivity tests performed by the Group, any reasonable change in the key assumptions used will not result in any 
significant change to the results of impairment assessment.
 Material accounting policy information
(a) Goodwill
 Goodwill arising on business combinations is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.
(b) Amortisation
 Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortised but is tested for impairment annually and 
whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired. 
13. Subsidiaries
Company
Note
2024 
RM’000
2023 
RM’000
Cost
Unquoted shares in subsidiaries 13.1 723,395 723,395
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 184 ---
P . 182
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
13. Subsidiaries (continued)
13.1 Unquoted shares in subsidiaries 
 The subsidiaries, all of which are wholly-owned, are as follows:
Name of entity
Principal place of 
business/
country of 
incorporation Principal activities
Effective ownership 
interest and 
voting interest
2024 2023
Commercial Marketers 
and Distributors Sdn. 
Bhd.
Malaysia Sales, marketing and importation of 
cigarettes, pipe tobaccos, cigars, devices, 
other tobacco products and nicotine 
products
100% 100%
Tobacco Importers and 
Manufacturers Sdn. 
Berhad
Malaysia Manufacture and sale of cigarettes and 
other tobacco related products 
100% 100%
 Subsidiaries are entities, including structured entities, controlled by the Company. The financial statements of 
subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the date 
that control ceases. 
 The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity 
and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. Potential voting rights are considered 
when assessing control only when such rights are substantive. The Group also considers it has de facto power over an 
investee when, despite not having the majority of voting rights, it has the current ability to direct the activities of the 
investee that significantly affect the investee’s return.
 Investments in subsidiaries are measured in the Company’s statement of financial position at cost less any impairment 
losses, unless the investment is classified as held for sale or distribution. The cost of investment includes transaction 
costs.
 Material accounting policy information
(a) Transactions Eliminated on Consolidation
 Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses arising from intra-group transactions, 
are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements. 
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 185 ---
P . 183
Annual Report 2024
14. Deferred Tax
Group Company
Note
2024 
RM’000
2023 
RM’000
2024 
RM’000
2023 
RM’000
Deferred tax assets
At 1 January 6,587 7 ,812 2,603 1,583
Recognised in profit or loss 14(i) 4,620 (375) (59) 1,020
Recognised in other comprehensive income 14(ii) 1,358 (850) - -
At 31 December 12,565 6,587 2,544 2,603
Represented by:
Property, plant and equipment (1,030) (926) (432) (648)
Provisions 12,283 8,409 2,976 3,251
Cash flow hedge 1,312 (896) - -
Deferred tax assets 12,565 6,587 2,544 2,603
 The analysis of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities is as follows:
Group Company
2024 
RM’000
2023 
RM’000
2024 
RM’000
2023 
RM’000
Deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities not to be recovered after more 
than 12 months (1,030) (926) (432) (648)
Deferred tax assets to be recovered within 12 months 13,595 7 ,513 2,976 3,251
At 31 December 12,565 6,587 2,544 2,603
(i) Recognised in profit or loss:
- Credited/(charged) in respect of net deferred tax 
  assets 4,620 (375) (59) 1,020
Net credited/(charged) to profit or loss 4,620 (375) (59) 1,020
(ii) Recognised in other comprehensive income:
- Charged in respect of deferred tax assets 1,358 (850) - -
Net credited/(charged) to other comprehensive 
income 1,358 (850) - -
 During and at the end of the financial year, there were no unabsorbed tax losses. There are no items for which deferred tax 
assests have not been recognised.
 
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 186 ---
P . 184
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
14. Deferred Tax (continued)
 Material accounting policy information
 Deferred tax is recognised using the liability method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of 
assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position and their tax bases. Deferred tax is not recognised for the following 
temporary differences: the initial recognition of goodwill, the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is 
not a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred tax is measured at the 
tax rates that are expected to be applied to the temporary differences when they reverse, based on the laws that have been 
enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and liabilities, and 
they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities, but they 
intend to settle current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realised simultaneously.
 A deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which 
the temporary difference can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and are 
reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.
 Unutilised reinvestment allowance and investment tax allowance, being tax incentives that is not a tax base of an asset, is 
recognised as a deferred tax asset to the extent that it is probable that the future taxable profits will be available against 
which the unutilised tax incentive can be utilised.
15. Inventories
Group
2024 
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Raw materials 328 208
Finished goods 10,210 44,702
10,538 44,910
Recognised in profit or loss: 
Inventories recognised as cost of sales 1,513,107 1,486,043
Written-off to distribution and marketing costs 8,001 16,653
 
 Material accounting policy information
 
 Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. 
 The cost of inventories is calculated using the weighted average method, and includes expenditure incurred in acquiring the 
inventories, production or conversion costs and other costs incurred in bringing them to their existing location and condition. 
In the case of work-in-progress and finished goods, cost includes an appropriate share of production overheads based on 
normal operating capacity.
 Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion 
and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 187 ---
P . 185
Annual Report 2024
16. Trade and Other Receivables
Group Company
Note
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Trade receivables 16.1 649,745 614,050 - -
Allowance for impairment loss (851) (806) - -
Trade receivables, net 648,894 613,244 - -
Amounts due from fellow subsidiaries* 16.2 9,237 7, 4 5 6 4,583 209
Amounts due from subsidiaries 16.3 - - 14,203 574
Other receivables, deposits and prepayments 16.4 11,077 5,220 1,979 1,702
20,314 12,676 20,765 2,485
Total receivables 669,208 625,920 20,765 2,485
* Fellow subsidiaries through a common ultimate major shareholder, British American Tobacco p.l.c.
16.1 Trade Receivables
 Credit terms of trade receivables range from 1 to 75 days (2023: 1 to 75 days).
 Transfer of trade receivables
 The Group sold without recourse certain trade receivables to a bank for cash proceeds. These trade receivables have 
been derecognised from the statement of financial position because the Group has transferred risks and rewards to 
the bank. The arrangement with the bank is such that the customers remit cash directly to the Group and the Group 
transfers the collected amounts to the bank.
 The following information shows the carrying amount of trade receivables at the reporting date that have been sold 
and derecognised under trade receivables.
Group
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Carrying amount of trade receivables sold to a bank and derecognised 79,995 60,157
16.2 Amounts Due From Fellow Subsidiaries
 The Group’s and the Company’s amounts due from fellow subsidiaries are trade and non-trade in nature and are 
unsecured and interest free with a credit term of 30 to 60 days (2023: 30 to 60 days).
16.3 Amounts Due From Subsidiaries
 The Company’s amounts due from subsidiaries are non-trade in nature and is unsecured and interest free with a credit 
term of 30 days (2023: 30 days).
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 188 ---
P . 186
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
16. Trade and Other Receivables (continued)
16.4 Other Receivables, Deposits and Prepayments
 Included in other receivables, deposits and prepayments of the Group are prepaid excise duties of RM8,442,000 (2023: 
RM3,710,000).
 Material accounting policy information
(a) Financial Instruments
(i) Recognition and Initial Measurement
 A financial asset or a financial liability is recognised in the statement of financial position when, and only when, the 
Group or the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
 A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without significant financing component) or a financial liability is 
initially measured at fair value plus or minus, for an item not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs 
that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issuance. A trade receivable without a financing component is 
initially measured at the transaction price.
 An embedded derivative is recognised separately from the host contract and accounted for as a derivative if, and 
only if, it is not closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract and the host contract 
is not measured at fair value through profit or loss. The host contract, in the event an embedded derivative is 
recognised separately, is accounted for in accordance with policy applicable to the nature of the host contract.
(ii) Financial Instrument Categories and Subsequent Measurement
 Financial Assets
 Categories of financial assets are determined on initial recognition and are not reclassified subsequent to their 
initial recognition unless the Group or the Company changes its business model for managing financial assets in 
which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on the first day of the first reporting period following the 
change of the business model.
(a) Amortised Cost
 Amortised cost category comprises financial assets that are held within a business model whose objective 
is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows and its contractual terms give rise on specified dates 
to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.  
The financial assets are not designated as fair value through profit or loss. Subsequent to initial recognition, 
these financial assets are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The amortised 
cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment 
are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.
 Interest income is recognised by applying effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount except for 
credit-impaired financial assets where the effective interest rate is applied to the amortised cost.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 189 ---
P . 187
Annual Report 2024
16. Trade and Other Receivables (continued)
 Material accounting policy information (continued)
 (a) Financial Instruments (continued)
  (ii) Financial Instrument Categories and Subsequent Measurement (continued)
   Financial Assets (continued)
  (b) Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income
  (i) Debt Investments
 Fair value through other comprehensive income category comprises debt investment where it is held 
within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and 
selling the debt investment, and its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that 
are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. The debt investment 
is not designated as at fair value through profit or loss. Interest income calculated using the effective 
interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. 
Other net gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income. On derecognition, gains 
and losses accumulated in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.
 Interest income is recognised by applying effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount except for  
credit-impaired financial assets where the effective interest rate is applied to the amortised cost.
  (ii) Equity Investments
 This category comprises investment in equity that is not held for trading, and the Group and the 
Company irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in the investment’s fair value in other 
comprehensive income. This election is made on an investment-by-investment basis. Dividends are 
recognised as income in profit or loss unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the 
cost of investment. Other net gains and losses accumulated in other comprehensive income are not 
reclassified to profit or loss. On derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in other comprehensive 
income are not reclassified to profit or loss.
  (c) Fair Value through Profit or Loss
 All financial assets not measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income as 
described above are measured at fair value through profit or loss. This includes derivative financial assets 
(except for a derivative that is a designated and effective hedging instrument). On initial recognition, the 
Group or the Company may irrevocably designate a financial asset that otherwise meets the requirements 
to be measured at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income as at fair value 
through profit or loss if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would 
otherwise arise.
 Financial assets categorised as fair value through profit or loss are subsequently measured at their fair 
value. Net gains or losses, including any interest or dividend income, are recognised in the profit or loss.
 All financial assets, except for those measured at fair value through profit or loss and equity investments measured 
at fair value through other comprehensive income, are subject to impairment assessment (see Note 24.4(a)(i)).
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 190 ---
P . 188
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
17 . Capital and Reserves
 Share capital 
Group and Company
Number
of shares
2024
’000
Amount
2024
RM’000
Number
of shares
2023
’000
Amount
2023
RM’000
Ordinary shares issued and fully paid with  
no par value 285,530 142,765 285,530 142,765
 The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time, and are entitled to one vote per 
share at meetings of the Company.
 Cash flow hedge reserve
 The cash flow hedge reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in the fair value of cash flow 
hedges related to hedged transactions that have not yet occurred.
 Material accounting policy information
(a) Equity Instruments
 Instruments classified as equity are measured at cost on initial recognition and are not remeasured subsequently. 
(i) Issue Expenses
 Costs directly attributable to the issue of instruments classified as equity are recognised as a deduction from 
equity.
(ii) Ordinary Shares
 Ordinary shares are classified as equity.
18. Trade and Other Payables
Group Company
Note
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Trade payables 18.1 23,432 40,929 - -
Trade accruals 69,573 78,878 - -
Amounts due to subsidiaries 18.2 - - 271,804 230,906
Amounts due to fellow subsidiaries* 18.3 19,988 30,663 416 1,022
Other payables and accruals 81,471 68,847 14,426 15,972
194,464 219,317 286,646 247 ,900
 
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 191 ---
P . 189
Annual Report 2024
18. Trade and Other Payables (continued)
 Other payables and accruals comprise the following:
 
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Accruals for employee expenses 17 ,527 13,899 5,372 4,197
Accruals for administrative expenses 38,807 40,686 7 ,767 10,105
Provision for restructuring - 252 - -
Provision for market returns 23,838 12,340 - -
Other non-operating creditors 1,299 1,670 1,287 1,670
81,471 68,847 14,426 15,972
* Fellow subsidiaries through a common ultimate major shareholder, British American Tobacco p.l.c.
 Provision for restructuring
 
 The provision for restructuring is expected to be settled within 12 months. Movements of provision for restructuring are as 
follows:
 
Group
RM’000
At 1 January 2023 18,464
Provisions used during the year (18,212)
At 31 December 2023/1 January 2024 252
Provisions used during the year (252)
At 31 December 2024 -
 
 Provision for market returns
 
 The provision for market returns is expected to be settled within 12 months. Movements of provision for market returns are 
as follows: 
 
Group
RM’000
At 1 January 2023 14,567
Provisions made during the year 14,426
Provisions used during the year (16,653)
At 31 December 2023/1 January 2024 12,340
Provisions made during the year 19,499
Provisions used during the year (8,001)
At 31 December 2024 23,838
 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 192 ---
P . 190
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
18. Trade and Other Payables (continued)
18.1 Trade Payables
 Credit terms of trade payables and suppliers of property, plant and equipment granted to the Group vary from cash 
term to 120 days (2023: cash term to 120 days).
18.2 Amounts Due to Subsidiaries
 The Company’s amounts due to subsidiaries are non-trade in nature and are unsecured and subject to 3% (2023: 3%) 
interest per annum with a credit term of 30 days (2023: 30 days). 
18.3 Amounts Due to Fellow Subsidiaries
 The Group’s and the Company’s amounts due to fellow subsidiaries are trade and non-trade in nature and are  
repayable within credit terms of 30 to 60 days (2023: 30 to 60 days). These amounts are unsecured and interest free.
 Material accounting policy information
(a) Financial Instruments
(i) Recognition and Initial Measurement
 A financial asset or a financial liability is recognised in the statement of financial position when, and only when, the 
Group or the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
 A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without significant financing component) or a financial liability is 
initially measured at fair value plus or minus, for an item not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs 
that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issuance. A trade receivable without a financing component is 
initially measured at the transaction price.
 An embedded derivative is recognised separately from the host contract and accounted for as a derivative if, and 
only if, it is not closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract and the host contract 
is not measured at fair value through profit or loss. The host contract, in the event an embedded derivative is 
recognised separately, is accounted for in accordance with policy applicable to the nature of the host contract.
 
(ii) Financial Instrument Categories and Subsequent Measurement 
 Financial Liabilities
 The categories of financial liabilities at initial recognition are as follows:
(a) Fair Value through Profit or Loss
 Fair value through profit or loss category comprises financial liabilities that are derivatives (except for 
a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective hedging instrument), 
contingent consideration in a business combination and financial liabilities that are specifically designated 
into this category upon initial recognition.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 193 ---
P . 191
Annual Report 2024
18. Trade and Other Payables (continued)
 Material accounting policy information (continued)
(a) Financial Instruments (continued)
(ii) Financial Instrument Categories and Subsequent Measurement (continued)
 Financial Liabilities (continued)
 The categories of financial liabilities at initial recognition are as follows (continued):
(a) Fair Value through Profit or Loss (continued)
 On initial recognition, the Group or the Company may irrevocably designate a financial liability that  
otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at amortised cost as at fair value through profit or loss:
(a) if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise; 
(b) a group of financial liabilities or assets and financial liabilities is managed and its performance is 
evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with a documented risk management or investment 
strategy, and information about the group is provided internally on that basis to the Group’s key 
management personnel; or
(b) Provisions  
 A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation that can 
be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. 
Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current 
market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is 
recognised as finance cost. 
(i) Restructuring
 A provision for restructuring is recognised when the Group has approved a detailed formal restructuring plan, and 
the restructuring has either commenced or has been announced publicly. Future operating costs are not provided 
for.
(ii) Market returns
 A provision for market returns is recognised at the point of sale based on a reasonable estimate of likely returns 
and expected product expiry date. 
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 194 ---
P . 192
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
19. Borrowings
 
Group
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Current – unsecured
Revolving credit 330,000 360,000
Short-term loan 228,000 183,000
558,000 543,000
 The Group’s borrowings have a maturity date between one month to three months. The Group’s borrowings are 
denominated in Ringgit Malaysia.
 Reconciliation of movement of liabilities to cash flow arising from financing activities
 
Net changes from financing cash flows
2023
RM’000
Drawdown
RM’000
Repayment
RM’000
2024
RM’000
Group
Borrowings 543,000 587 ,000 (572,000) 558,000
Net changes from financing cash flows
2022
RM’000
Drawdown
RM’000
Repayment
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Group
Borrowings 695,000 322,000 (474,000) 543,000
 Material accounting policy information
 Borrowing costs are recognised in the profit or loss using the effective interest method. 
20. Derivative Financial Instruments
2024 2023
Assets
RM’000
Liabilities
RM’000
Assets
RM’000
Liabilities
RM’000
Group
Forward foreign exchange contract 
- cash flow hedges 2,649 4,183 4,950 809
 The fair values of derivative financial instruments are determined based on the quoted market price of similar derivatives, as 
they are not traded on an active market. 
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 195 ---
P . 193
Annual Report 2024
20. Derivative Financial Instruments (continued)
 During the year, a gain of RM286,000 (2023: gain of RM2,343,000) arising from forward foreign exchange contracts in relation 
to cash flow hedges was recognised in the profit or loss. 
 The Group’s cash flow hedges are principally net exposure in the respective foreign currencies of future payment for finished 
goods and services, over a period of 6 to 18 months. The timing of expected cash flows in respect of derivatives designated 
as cash flow hedges is expected to be comparable to the timing of when the hedged item will affect the profit or loss, which 
are expected to occur at various dates over a period of 6 to 18 months (2023: 6 to 18 months). 
 Gains and losses recognised in other comprehensive income on forward foreign exchange contracts are recognised in the 
profit or loss in the period or periods during which the hedged forecast transaction affects the profit or loss. During the year, 
the Group recognised a loss of RM5,658,000 (2023: gain of RM3,541,000) in the statement of other comprehensive income 
and a loss of RM3,626,000 (2023: gain of RM6,403,000) was reclassified from equity to the profit or loss. 
 The notional principal amounts of the outstanding forward foreign exchange contracts are as follows: 
Hedging Instruments Currency
RM’000
equivalent
Average
 contracted rate
Group
2024
Currency to be received over the next 12 months 
USD39,870,000 (net) US Dollar 179,064 1 USD = RM4.4912
2023
Currency to be received over the next 12 months 
USD36,914,000 (net) US Dollar 164,030 1 USD = RM4.4436
 
 Material accounting policy information
(a) Hedge Accounting
 At inception of a designated hedging relationship, the Group and the Company document the risk management 
objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The Group and the Company also document the economic relationship 
between the hedged item and the hedging instrument, including whether the changes in cash flows of the hedged item 
and hedging instrument are expected to offset each other.
 Cash Flow Hedge
 A cash flow hedge is a hedge of the exposure to variability in cash flows that is attributable to a particular risk associated 
with all, or a component of, a recognised asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction and could affect the 
profit or loss. In a cash flow hedge, the portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument that is determined to be 
an effective hedge is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity and the ineffective portion 
is recognised in the profit or loss. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative that is recognised 
in other comprehensive income is limited to the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item, determined on a 
present value basis, from inception of the hedge.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 196 ---
P . 194
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
20. Derivative Financial Instruments (continued)
 Material accounting policy information (continued)
(a) Hedge Accounting (continued)
 Cash Flow Hedge (continued)
 Subsequently, the cumulative gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity 
into the profit or loss in the same year during which the hedged forecast cash flows affect the profit or loss. If the 
hedge item is a non-financial asset or liability, the associated gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income 
is removed from equity and included in the initial amount of the asset or liability. However, loss recognised in other 
comprehensive income that will not be recovered in one or more future periods is reclassified from equity into the profit 
or loss immediately.
 The Group designate only the change in fair value of the spot element of forward contracts as the hedging instrument 
in cash flow hedging relationships. The change in fair value of the forward element of forward exchange contracts 
(“forward points”) and/or the foreign currency basis spread are separately accounted for as cost of hedging and 
recognised in a cost of hedging reserve within equity.
 Cash flow hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated 
or exercised, the hedge is no longer highly effective, the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur or the 
hedge designation is revoked. If the hedge is for a forecast transaction, the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging 
instrument remains in equity until the forecast transaction occurs. When hedge accounting for cash flow hedges 
is discontinued, the amount that has been accumulated in the hedging reserve and the cost of hedging reserve 
remains in equity until, for a hedge of a transaction resulting in recognition of a non-financial item, it is included in the  
non-financial item’s cost on its initial recognition or, for other cash flow hedges, it is reclassified to profit or loss in the 
same period or periods as the hedged expected future cash flows affect the profit or loss.
 
 If the hedged future cash flows are no longer expected to occur, then the amounts that have been accumulated in the 
hedging reserve and the cost of hedging reserve are immediately reclassified to profit or loss.
 Derecognition
 A financial asset or part of it is derecognised when, and only when, the contractual rights to the cash flows from the 
financial asset expire or transferred, or control of the asset is not retained or substantially all of the risks and rewards of 
ownership of the financial asset are transferred to another party. On derecognition of a financial asset, the difference 
between the carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received (including any new asset obtained less any 
new liability assumed) and any cumulative gain or loss that had been recognised in equity is recognised in the profit  
or loss.
 A financial liability or a part of it is derecognised when, and only when, the obligation specified in the contract is 
discharged, cancelled or expires. A financial liability is also derecognised when its terms are modified and the cash 
flows of the modified liability are substantially different, in which case, a new financial liability based on modified terms 
is recognised at fair value. On derecognition of a financial liability, the difference between the carrying amount of the 
financial liability extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets 
transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in the profit or loss.
 Offsetting 
 Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position 
when, and only when, the Group or the Company currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the amounts and it 
intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset and liability simultaneously.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 197 ---
P . 195
Annual Report 2024
21. Lease Liabilities
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Current 11,416 14,529 5,462 6,018
Non-current 26,357 34,136 3,841 7 ,904
Total 37 ,773 48,665 9,303 13,922
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
At 1 January 48,665 33,762 13,922 18,142
Net changes from financing cash flows (14,489) (13,644) (5,412) (5,466)
Addition and remeasurement 3,634 29,773 793 1,246
Derecognition (37) (1,226) - -
At 31 December 37 ,773 48,665 9,303 13,922
 
21.1 Material accounting policy information
(a) Definition of a Lease Contract
 A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys a right to control the use of an identified asset for a 
period of time in exchange for consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of 
an identified asset, the Group assesses whether:
• the contract involves the use of an identified asset – this may be specified explicitly or implicitly, and should 
be physically distinct or represent substantially all of the capacity of a physically distinct asset. If the supplier 
has a substantive substitution right, then the asset is not identified;
• the customer has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset 
throughout the period of use; and
• the customer has the right to direct the use of the asset. The customer has this right when it has the 
decision-making rights that are most relevant to changing how and for what purpose the asset is used. 
In rare cases where the decision about how and for what purpose the asset is used is predetermined, the 
customer has the right to direct the use of the asset if either the customer has the right to operate the asset; 
or the customer designed the asset in a way that predetermines how and for what purpose it will be used.
 For leases of properties in which the Group is a lessee, it has elected not to separate non-lease components and 
will instead account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 198 ---
P . 196
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
21. Lease Liabilities (continued)
21.1 Material accounting policy information (continued)
(b) Recognition and Initial Measurement
(i) As a Lessee
 The Group recognises a right-of-use (“ROU”) asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. 
The right-of-use (“ROU”) asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease 
liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct 
costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the 
underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received.
 The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the 
commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily 
determined, the respective Group entities’ incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Group entities use 
their incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate.
 Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:
• fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments less any incentives receivable;
• variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as 
at the commencement date;
• amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee;
• the exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise; and
• penalties for early termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to terminate early.
 The Group excludes variable lease payments that linked to future performance or usage of the underlying 
asset from the lease liability. Instead, these payments are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which 
the performance or use occurs.
 The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and lease liabilities for short-term 
leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises the 
lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
(c) Subsequent Measurement
(i) As a Lessee
 The right-of-use (“ROU”) asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the 
commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use (“ROU”) asset or the end 
of the lease term. The estimated useful lives of right-of-use (“ROU”) assets are determined on the same 
basis as those of property, plant and equipment. In addition, the right-of-use (“ROU”) asset is periodically 
reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 199 ---
P . 197
Annual Report 2024
21. Lease Liabilities (continued)
21.1 Material accounting policy information (continued)
(c) Subsequent Measurement (continued)
(i) As a Lessee (continued)
 The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when 
there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a revision of 
in-substance fixed lease payments, or if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected 
to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will 
exercise a purchase, extension or termination option.
 When the lease liability is remeasured, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the 
right-of-use (“ROU”) asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use (“ROU”) 
asset has been reduced to zero.
22. Share-based Payments
 The Group operates a number of share-based payment arrangements of which the three principal ones are:
 L TIP - Performance Share Plan (PSP)
 Since 2020, performance-related conditional awards under which shares are released automatically following a 3-year 
vesting period (5-year period for the Executive Directors). L TIP awards granted up to 2019 are nil-cost options exercisable 
after three years from date of grant (five years for Executive Directors) with a contractual life of 10 years.
 For awards granted in 2021, 2020 and 2019, vesting is subject to performance conditions measured over a 3-year period (for 
all awards), based on earnings per share (40% of grant), operating cash flow (20% of grant), total shareholder return (20% of 
grant) and net turnover (20% of grant). Total shareholder return combines the share price and dividend performance of the 
Company by reference to one comparator group.
 For 2022, 2023 and 2024 awards, the performance conditions are based on earnings per share (30% of grant), operating 
cash flow (20% of grant), total shareholder return (20% of grant), net turnover (15% of grant) and New Categories revenue 
growth (15% of grant).
 Participants are not entitled to dividends prior to the vesting or exercise of the awards. A cash equivalent dividend accrues 
through the vesting period (other than for the Executive Directors where additional shares are delivered in lieu of cash) and 
is paid on vesting. Equity-settled PSP awards are granted in March each year.
 Restricted Share Plan (RSP)
 Introduced in 2020, conditional awards under which shares are released three years from date of grant, subject to a 
continuous employment condition during the three-year vesting period. Participants are not entitled to dividends prior to 
shares vesting. A cash equivalent dividend accrues through the vesting period and is paid on vesting. Equity-settled RSP 
awards are granted in March or September.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 200 ---
P . 198
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
22. Share-based Payments (continued)
 Deferred Share Bonus Scheme (DSBS)
 Granted in connection with annual bonuses, conditional awards under which shares are released three years from date 
of grant subject to a continuous employment condition during the three-year vesting period. A cash equivalent dividend 
accrues through the vesting period and is paid quarterly (other than for the Executive Directors where additional shares are 
delivered in lieu of cash). Equity-settled DSBS awards are granted in March each year.
 The Group also has a number of other arrangements which are not material for the Group and these are as follows:
 International Share Reward Scheme (ISRS)
 Conditional shares are granted in April each year (up to an equivalent of £3,600 in any year) subject to a three-year vesting 
period. Dividend equivalents accrue through the vesting period and additional shares are delivered at vesting. Awards are 
equity-settled.
 Share-based Payment Expense
 The amount recognised in the profit or loss in respect of share-based payments were as follows:
 
Equity-settled
Note
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Group
L TIP - PSP & RSP 22.1 1,175 1,208
DSBS 22.2 497 1,299
Other schemes 22.3 12 17
Total recognised in profit or loss 1,684 2,524
Equity-settled
Note
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Company
L TIP - PSP & RSP 22.1 1,029 1,208
DSBS 22.2 362 754
Other schemes 22.3 12 18
Total recognised in profit or loss 1,403 1,980
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 201 ---
P . 199
Annual Report 2024
22. Share-based Payments (continued)
22.1 Long-Term Incentive Plan - PSP & RSP 
 Details of the movements for the equity-settled L TIP scheme during the years ended 31 December 2024 and  
31 December 2023, were as follows:
Equity-settled 
Number of options in thousand
2024 2023
Group
Outstanding at start of financial year 31 32
Granted during the period 15 11
Exercised during the period (7) (9)
Forfeited during the period (4) (3)
Outstanding at end of financial year 35 31
Exercisable at end of financial year - 1
 The weighted average British American Tobacco p.l.c. share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised 
during the period was £24.06 (2023: £27 .62) for equity-settled options.
 The outstanding shares for the year ended 31 December 2024 had a weighted average contractual life of 1.4 years 
(2023: 1.4 years) for the equity-settled scheme.
Equity-settled 
Number of options in thousand
2024 2023
Company
Outstanding at start of financial year 29 28
Granted during the period 14 11
Exercised during the period (6) (7)
Forfeited during the period (4) (3)
Outstanding at end of financial year 33 29
Exercisable at end of financial year - -
 The weighted average British American Tobacco p.l.c. share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised 
during the period was £23.51 (2023: £27 .84) for equity-settled options.
 The outstanding shares for the year ended 31 December 2024 had a weighted average contractual life of 1.3 years 
(2023: 1.2 years) for the equity-settled scheme.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 202 ---
P . 200
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
22. Share-based Payments (continued)
22.2 Deferred Share Bonus Scheme
 Details of the movements for the equity-settled DSBS scheme during the years ended 31 December 2024 and  
31 December 2023, were as follows:
 
Equity-settled 
Number of options in thousand
2024 2023
Group
Outstanding at start of financial year 23 24
Granted during the period 5 11
Exercised during the period (6) (9)
Forfeited during the period (1) (3)
Outstanding at end of financial year 21 23
Exercisable at end of financial year - -
 The weighted average British American Tobacco p.l.c. share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised 
during the period was £23.51 (2023: £28.23) for equity-settled options. 
 The outstanding shares for the year ended 31 December 2024 had a weighted average contractual life of 1.1 years  
(2023: 1.3 years) for the equity-settled scheme.
Equity-settled 
Number of options in thousand
2024 2023
Company
Outstanding at start of financial year 15 15
Granted during the period 4 6
Exercised during the period (5) -
Forfeited during the period (1) (6)
Outstanding at end of financial year 13 15
Exercisable at end of financial year - -
 The weighted average British American Tobacco p.l.c. share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised 
during the period was £23.51 (2023: £27 .74) for equity-settled options.
 The outstanding shares for the year ended 31 December 2024 had a weighted average contractual life of 1.1 years  
(2023: 1.2 years) for the equity-settled scheme.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 203 ---
P . 201
Annual Report 2024
22. Share-based Payments (continued)
22.3 Other Schemes
 International Share Reward Scheme 
 Group
 The number of outstanding shares at the end of the year for the International Share Reward Scheme were 561  
(2023: 276).
 Company
 The number of outstanding shares at the end of the year for the International Share Reward Scheme were 469  
(2023: 184).
 Valuation Assumptions
 Assumptions used in the Black-Scholes models to determine the fair value of share options at grant date were as follows:
2024 2023
L TIP - PSP 
& RSP DSBS
L TIP - PSP 
& RSP DSBS
Group and Company
Expected volatility (%) 25.0 25.0 2 7.0 2 7.0
Average expected term to exercise (years) 3.0 3.0 3.0 3.0
Risk-free rate (%) 4.0 4.0 3.5 3.5
Expected dividend yield (%) 9.8 9.8 7. 7 7. 7
Share price at date of grant (£) 23.84 23.84 29.17 29.71
Fair value at grant date (£) 15.92 / 17 .75 1 7. 7 5 23.15 / 23.61 23.61
 Market condition features were incorporated into the Monte-Carlo models for the total shareholder return elements of the 
L TIP - PSP , in determining fair value at grant date. Assumptions used in these models were as follows:
2024
%
2023
%
Group and Company
Average share price volatility FMCG comparator group 24 24
Average correlation FMCG comparator group 30 29
 Fair values determined from the Black-Scholes and Monte-Carlo models use assumptions revised at the end of each 
reporting period for equity-settled share-based payment arrangements.
 The expected British American Tobacco p.l.c. share price volatility was determined taking account of the return index (the 
share price index plus the dividend reinvested) over a five-year period. The FMCG share price volatility and correlation was 
also determined over the same periods. The average expected term to exercise used in the models has been adjusted, based 
on management’s best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, exercise restrictions and behavioural conditions, 
forfeiture and historical experience.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 204 ---
P . 202
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
22. Share-based Payments (continued)
 Valuation Assumptions (continued)
 The risk-free rate has been determined from market yield curves for government gilts with outstanding terms equal to the 
average expected term to exercise for each relevant grant. The expected dividend yield was determined by calculating the 
yield from the last two declared dividends divided by the grant share price. 
 In addition to these valuation assumptions, L TIP - PSP awards contain earnings per share performance conditions. As these 
are non-market performance conditions they are not included in the determination of fair value of share options at the 
grant date, however, they are used to estimate the number of awards expected to vest. This pay-out calculation is based on 
expectations published in analysts’ forecasts.
 Material accounting policy information
 A number of employees of the Group participate in equity-settled share-based compensation plans offered by British 
American Tobacco p.l.c. (British American Tobacco p.l.c. indirectly through British American Tobacco Holdings (Malaysia) 
B.V., owns 50 percent equity interest in the Company and is the Company’s ultimate holding company).
 Equity-settled share-based payments are measured at fair value at the date of grant and are expensed off over the vesting 
period, based on British American Tobacco p.l.c.’s estimate of awards that will eventually vest. Fair value is measured by the 
use of the Black-Scholes and Monte-Carlo pricing models. The expected life used in the models has been adjusted, based 
on management’s best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, exercise restrictions and behavioural considerations, 
forfeiture and historical experience.
 The grant by British American Tobacco p.l.c. of options over its equity instruments to the employees of the Group is treated 
as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services received, measured by reference to the grant date fair value, is 
recognised over the vesting period as an expense in the profit or loss, with a corresponding credit to equity.
23. Segment Reporting
 The Group is organised and managed on the basis of its geographic regions. These are the reportable segments for the 
Group as they form the focus of the Group’s internal reporting systems and are the basis used by the chief operating decision 
maker, identified as the Group’s Managing Director, for assessing performance and allocating resources. 
 Performance is measured based on segment revenue and gross profit, as included in the internal management reports that 
are reviewed by the Group’s Managing Director. Segment revenue and gross profit are used to measure performance as 
management believes that such information is the most relevant in evaluating the results of the segments relative to other 
entities that operate within these industries.
 The Group does not have any non-current assets that are located in countries other than Malaysia.
 The Group and the Company are domiciled in Malaysia. The revenue from external customers is RM2,314,292,000  
(2023: RM2,310,999,000). 
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 205 ---
P . 203
Annual Report 2024
23. Segment Reporting (continued)
 Segment assets, liabilities and capital expenditures information is neither included in the internal management reports nor 
provided regularly to the Group’s Managing Director who is considered the Group’s chief operating decision maker. Hence no 
such disclosures are provided below.
2024 2023
West 
Malaysia
RM’000
East
Malaysia
RM’000
Total
RM’000
West 
Malaysia
RM’000
East 
Malaysia
RM’000
Total
RM’000
Segment revenue  
and results
Revenue from external 
customers 2,129,693 184,599 2,314,292 2,104,422 206,577 2,310,999
Gross profit 499,141 40,916 540,057 514,965 53,069 568,034
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Reconciliation of reportable segment operating profits
Total gross profits for reporting segments 540,057 568,034
Other revenue – Management fee from related company 1,112 -
Depreciation and amortisation (20,198) (19,478)
Finance costs (26,901) (24,293)
Total unallocated operating expense (242,454) (267 ,924)
Consolidated profit before tax 251,616 256,339
 Major customers
 The following are customers with revenue equal or more than 10 percent of the Group’s total revenue:
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
- Customer A 1,664,796 1,684,249
- Customer B 445,502 399,823
 Material accounting policy information
 
 An operating segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues 
and incur expenses, including revenues and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the Group’s other components. 
Operating segments results are reviewed regularly by the chief operating decision maker, which in this case is the Managing 
Director of the Group, to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and to assess its performance, and 
for which discrete financial information is available.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 206 ---
P.  2 0 4
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
24. Financial Instruments 
24.1 Categories of Financial Instruments 
 The table below provides an analysis of financial instruments categorised under MFRS 9 as follows:
(a) Financial assets measured at amortised cost (FAAC)
(b) Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost (FLAC)
2024
Financial assets
Carrying 
amount
RM’000
FAAC / 
FLAC
RM’000
Derivative 
used for 
hedging
RM’000
Group
Trade and other receivables (excluding prepayments) 661,254 661,254 -
Cash and bank balances 35,385 35,385 -
Derivative financial assets 2,649 - 2,649
699,288 696,639 2,649
Company 
Trade and other receivables (excluding prepayments) 20,765 20,765 -
Cash and bank balances 23,680 23,680 -
44,445 44,445 -
2024
Financial liabilities
Carrying
 amount
RM’000
FAAC / 
FLAC
RM’000
Derivative 
used for
 hedging
RM’000
Group
Borrowings 558,000 558,000 -
Trade and other payables (excluding provisions) 170,626 170,626 -
Derivative financial liabilities 4,183 - 4,183
732,809 728,626 4,183
Company 
Trade and other payables 286,646 286,646 -
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 207 ---
P . 205
Annual Report 2024
24. Financial Instruments (continued)
24.1 Categories of Financial Instruments (continued)
2023
Financial assets
Carrying
 amount
RM’000
FAAC / 
FLAC
RM’000
Derivative 
used for
 hedging
RM’000
Group
Trade and other receivables (exclude prepayments) 623,016 623,016 -
Cash and bank balances 27 ,849 27 ,849 -
Derivative financial assets 4,950 - 4,950
655,815 650,865 4,950
Company 
Trade and other receivables (exclude prepayments) 2,485 2,485 -
Cash and bank balances 21,051 21,051 -
23,536 23,536 -
Financial liabilities
Group
Borrowings 543,000 543,000 -
Trade and other payables (excluding provisions) 206,725 206,725 -
Derivative financial liabilities 809 - 809
750,534 749,725 809
Company 
Trade and other payables (exclude provisions) 247 ,900 247 ,900 -
24.2 Net Gains and Losses Arising from Financial Instruments 
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000
Net (losses)/gains on:
Derivative used for hedging 
- recognised in profit or loss  286 2,343 - -
- recognised in other comprehensive income (5,658) 3,541 - -
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 1,516 (878) 693 553
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost (24,294) (24,348) 53 (246)
(28,150) (19,342) 746 307
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 208 ---
P . 206
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
24. Financial Instruments (continued)
24.3 Financial Risk Management
 The Group and the Company have exposure to the following risks from its use of financial instruments:
• Credit risk
• Liquidity and cash flow risk
• Market risk 
24.4 Credit Risk
 Credit risk is the risk of a financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet 
its contractual obligations. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arises principally from the individual characteristics 
of its receivables from customers, amounts due from fellow subsidiaries, short-term deposit and bank balances and 
outstanding forward exchange contracts. The Company’s exposure to credit risk arises principally from amounts due 
from fellow subsidiaries. There are no significant changes as compared to previous years. 
 Trade Receivables 
 Risk Management Objective, Policies and Processes for Managing The Risk 
 Management has a credit policy in place and the exposure to credit risk is monitored on an ongoing basis.  
Credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount with clear approving authority 
and limits.
 Approximately 94 percent (2023: 92 percent) of the Group’s trade receivables are derived from its sales to two  
(2023: two) of its key customers. The Group closely monitors collections from these customers. At each reporting date, 
the Group assess whether any of the receivables are credit-impaired.
 The gross carrying amounts of credit-impaired trade receivables are written off (either partially or fully) when there is 
no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group determines that the debtor does not have 
assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off. 
Nevertheless, trade receivables that are written off could still be subjected to enforcement activities. The Group does 
not foresee any credit risk arising from amounts due from fellow subsidiary companies.
 There are no significant changes as compared to previous year.
 Exposure to Credit Risk, Credit Quality and Collateral 
 As at the end of the reporting period, the maximum exposure to credit risk arising from receivables is represented by 
the carrying amounts in the statement of financial position.
 A significant portion of these receivables are regular customers that have been transacting with the Group. 
 Short-term advances are only provided to subsidiaries which are wholly-owned by the Company.
 Concentration of Credit Risk
 The exposure of credit risk for trade receivables, net of allowance for impairment losses, as at the end of the reporting 
period by customers are disclosed in this Note.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 209 ---
P.  2 0 7
Annual Report 2024
24. Financial Instruments (continued)
24.4 Credit Risk (continued)
 Trade Receivables (continued)
 Recognition and Measurement of Impairment Loss
 The Group uses an allowance matrix to measure expected credit losses of trade receivables. Any receivables having 
significant balances past due more than 90 days, which are deemed to have higher credit risk, are monitored individually. 
 To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on credit risk and days past due.
 The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and expected credit losses for trade 
receivables as at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023.
Group
Gross
RM’000
Loss 
allowance
RM’000
Net
RM’000
2024
Current (not past due) 548,732 (628) 548,104
Past due 1 – 30 days 92,347 (111) 92,236
Past due 31 – 90 days 8,566 (12) 8,554
Past due more than 90 days 100 (100) -
649,745 (851) 648,894
2023
Current (not past due) 493,887 (555) 493,332
Past due 1 – 30 days 108,956 (131) 108,825
Past due 31 – 90 days 11,671 (120) 11,551
Past due more than 90 days (464) - (464)
614,050 (806) 613,244
 Movements in the Allowance for Impairment in Respect of Trade Receivables 
 The movements in the allowance for impairment in respect of trade receivables during the year are as follows:
Group RM’000
Balance at 1 January 2023 871
Net remeasurement of loss allowance (177)
Amounts written off 112
Balance at 31 December 2023/1 January 2023 806
Net remeasurement of loss allowance 37
Amounts written off 8
Balance at 31 December 2024 851
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 210 ---
P . 208
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
24. Financial Instruments (continued)
24.4 Credit Risk (continued)
 Trade Receivables (continued)
 Amounts Due from Fellow Subsidiaries 
 The ageing of amounts due from fellow subsidiaries as at the end of the financial year ended was:
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Group
Not past due 9,237 7, 4 5 6
Company
Not past due 4,583 209
 Generally, the Group and Company consider amounts due from fellow subsidiaries as low credit risk. The Group and 
Company determine the probability of default for these amounts due from fellow subsidiaries individually using internal 
information. For the financial year ended 31 December 2024, there was no evidence that the amounts due from fellow 
subsidiaries are not recoverable.
 Amounts Due from Subsidiaries 
 The ageing of amounts due from subsidiaries as at the end of the financial year ended was:
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Company
Not past due 14,203 574
 Generally, the Company consider amounts due from subsidiaries as low credit risk. The Company determine the 
probability of default for these amounts due from subsidiaries individually using internal information. For the financial 
year ended 31 December 2024, there was no evidence that the amounts due from subsidiaries are not recoverable.
 Material accounting policy information
(a) Impairment  
(i) Financial Assets 
 The Group and the Company recognise loss allowances for expected credit losses on financial assets 
measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income. Expected credit losses are 
a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 211 ---
P . 209
Annual Report 2024
24. Financial Instruments (continued)
24.4 Credit Risk (continued)
 Material accounting policy information (continued)
(a) Impairment (continued)
(i) Financial Assets (continued)
 The Group and the Company measure loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit 
loss, except for debt securities that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date, cash and 
bank balances and other debt securities for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial 
recognition, which are measured at 12-month expected credit loss. Loss allowances for trade receivable are 
always measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit loss.
 When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial 
recognition and when estimating expected credit loss, the Group and the Company consider reasonable 
and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes 
both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and 
informed credit assessment and including forward-looking information, where available.
 Lifetime expected credit losses are the expected credit losses that result from all possible default events 
over the expected life of the asset, while 12-month expected credit losses are the portion of expected credit 
losses that result from default events that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date. The 
maximum period considered when estimating expected credit losses is the maximum contractual period 
over which the Group and the Company are exposed to credit risk.
 The Group and the Company estimate the expected credit losses on trade receivables using a provision 
matrix with reference to historical credit loss experience. 
 An impairment loss in respect of financial assets measured at amortised cost is recognised in the profit or 
loss and the carrying amount of the asset is reduced through the use of an allowance account.
 An impairment loss in respect of debt investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income is recognised in the profit or loss and the allowance account is recognised in other comprehensive 
income. 
 At each reporting date, the Group and the Company assess whether financial assets carried at amortised 
cost and debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income are credit-impaired. A financial 
asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future 
cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.
 The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or fully) to the extent that there 
is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group or the Company determines 
that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay 
the amounts subject to the write-off. However, financial assets that are written off could still be subject to 
enforcement activities in order to comply with the Group’s and the Company’s procedures for recovery 
amounts due.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 212 ---
P . 210
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
24. Financial Instruments (continued)
24.4 Credit Risk (continued)
 Cash and Bank Balances
 The cash and bank balances are held with banks and financial institutions. For the financial year ended 31 December 
2024, the maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amounts in the statement of financial 
position.
 These banks and financial institutions have low credit risks. Consequently, the Group and the Company are of the view 
that the loss allowance is not material and hence, it is not provided for.
 Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand, balances and deposits with banks and bank overdraft which have 
an insignificant risk of changes in fair value with original maturities of three months or less, and are used by the Group 
and the Company in the management of their short-term commitments. For the purpose of the statements of cash 
flows, cash and cash equivalents are presented net of bank overdrafts.
 Other Receivables
 Expected credit loss of other receivables is determined individually after considering the financial strength of the other 
receivables. Based on management’s assessment, the probability of the default of these receivables is low and hence, 
no loss allowance has been made.
24.5 Liquidity and Cash Flow Risk
 Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The Group’s 
exposure to liquidity risk arises principally from its various payables and borrowings.
 The Group actively manages its debt maturity profile, operating cash flows and the availability of funding so as to 
ensure that all refinancing, repayment and funding needs are met. As part of its overall prudent liquidity management, 
the Group maintains sufficient levels of cash and bank balances to meet its working capital requirements. In addition, 
the Group strives to maintain available banking facilities of a reasonable level to its overall debt position. As far as 
possible, the Group raises committed funding from both capital markets and financial institutions so as to achieve 
overall cost effectiveness.
 The Group utilises cash pooling and zero balancing bank account structures in addition to borrowings to ensure that 
there is maximum mobilisation of cash within the Group. The key objective of treasury management in respect of cash 
and bank balances is to concentrate cash at the centre for better cash management.
 It is not expected that the cash flows included in the maturity analysis could occur significantly earlier, or at significantly 
different amounts.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 213 ---
P . 211
Annual Report 2024
24. Financial Instruments (continued)
24.5 Liquidity and Cash Flow Risk (continued)
 The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s and of the Company’s liabilities based on estimated 
contractual undiscounted repayment obligations.
2024
Carrying 
amount
RM’000
Contractual 
interest rate/ 
incremental 
borrowing 
rate
Estimated 
contractual 
cash flows
RM’000
Under 
1 year
RM’000
1-2 years
RM’000
2-5 years
RM’000
More than 
5 years
RM’000
Group
Non-derivative 
financial liabilities
Borrowings 558,000 3 - 4% 561,938 561,938 - - -
Lease liabilities 37 ,773 3 - 4% 42,375 12,599 8,062 10,290 11,424
Trade and other 
payables 170,626 - 170,626 170,626 - - -
766,399 774,939 745,163 8,062 10,290 11,424
Derivative financial 
liabilities
Derivative financial 
instruments
- Outflow 4,183 - 4,183 4,183 - - -
770,582 779,122 749,346 8,062 10,290 11,424
Company
Non-derivative 
financial liabilities
Lease liabilities 9,303 3 - 4% 9,579 5,658 3,730 191 -
Trade and other 
payables 14,842 - 14,842 14,842 - - -
Amounts due to 
subsidiaries 271,804 3% 272,483 272,483 - - -
295,949 296,904 292,983 3,730 191 -
 
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 214 ---
P . 212
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
24. Financial Instruments (continued)
24.5 Liquidity and Cash Flow Risk (continued)
2023
Carrying 
amount
RM’000
Contractual 
interest rate/ 
incremental 
borrowing 
rate
Estimated 
contractual 
cash flows
RM’000
Under 
1 year
RM’000
1-2 years
RM’000
2-5 years
RM’000
More than 
5 years
RM’000
Group
Non-derivative 
financial liabilities
Borrowings 543,000 3 - 4% 546,754 546,754 - - -
Lease liabilities 48,665 3 - 4% 54,619 16,048 10,858 13,024 14,689
Trade and other 
payables 206,725 - 206,725 206,725 - - -
798,390 808,098 769,527 10,858 13,024 14,689
Derivative financial 
liabilities
Derivative financial 
instruments
- Outflow 809 - 809 809 - - -
799,199 808,907 770,336 10,858 13,024 14,689
Company
Non-derivative 
financial liabilities
Lease liabilities 13,922 3 - 4% 14,498 6,383 5,351 2,764 -
Trade and other 
payables 16,994 - 16,994 16,994 - - -
Amounts due to 
subsidiaries 230,906 3% 231,483 231,483 - - -
261,822 262,975 254,860 5,351 2,764 -
 
24.6 Market Risk
 Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates and other prices 
that will affect the Group’s and the Company’s financial position or cash flows. 
  
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 215 ---
P . 213
Annual Report 2024
24. Financial Instruments (continued)
24.6 Market Risk (continued)
  24.6.1 Currency Risk
   The Group is subject to currency exchange risk as a result of its purchases of finished goods and services in 
foreign currencies. The currencies giving rise to this risk are US Dollar (“USD”), Great Britain Pound (“GBP”) and 
Euro (“EUR”). The currency profile of the assets and liabilities of the Group are disclosed in the respective notes 
to the financial statements.
   The objective of the Group’s foreign exchange policies is to allow the Group to manage exposures that arise 
from trading activities effectively within a framework of controls that does not expose the Group to unnecessary 
foreign exchange risks.
   The Group enters into forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge up to 95 percent of its exposure on foreign 
currency payables and on cash flows to be used in anticipated transactions denominated in foreign currencies 
for the subsequent eighteen months. The Group’s hedging period of eighteen months is in line with the hedging 
period that was allowed under the Foreign Exchange Control guidelines enforced by Bank Negara Malaysia.
   Exposure to Foreign Currency Risk
   The Group’s and the Company’s exposure to foreign currency (a currency which is other than the functional 
currency of the Group) risk, based on carrying amounts as at the end of the reporting period were:
2024
Denominated in
2023
Denominated in
USD
RM’000
GBP
RM’000
EUR
RM’000
USD
RM’000
GBP
RM’000
EUR
RM’000
Group
Trade payables (289) (180) - (36) - (467)
Cash and bank balances 1,584 780 507 3,614 1,623 556
Amounts due from fellow 
subsidiaries 1,502 11 - 2,465 687 -
Amounts due to fellow 
subsidiaries (1,840) (300) (9) (10,123) (1,186) -
Net exposure in the statement 
of financial position 957 311 498 (4,080) 1,124 89
Company
Trade payables - 82 - - - -
Cash and bank balances 257 330 - 882 524 -
Amounts due from fellow 
subsidiaries 198 - - 194 - -
Amounts due to fellow 
subsidiaries - (229) - (59) (257) -
Net exposure in the statement 
of financial position 455 183 - 1,017 267 -
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 216 ---
P . 214
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
24. Financial Instruments (continued)
24.6 Market Risk (continued)
  24.6.1 Currency Risk (continued)
   Currency Risk Sensitivity Analysis
   A 10 percent (2023: 10 percent) strengthening of RM against the following currencies at the end of the financial 
year would have increased/(decreased) profit before tax by the amounts shown below. This analysis assumes 
that all other variables, in particular ratio, remain constant and ignores any impact of forecasted sales and 
purchases.
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
USD (96) 408 (45) (102)
GBP (31) (112) (18) (27)
EUR (50) (9) - -
   A 10 percent (2023: 10 percent) weakening of RM against the above currencies at the end of the financial year 
would have had equal but opposite effect on the above currencies to the amounts shown above, on the basis 
that all other variables remain constant.
   Material accounting policy information
   Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of the Group at 
exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. 
   Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at financial year end are retranslated to the 
functional currency at the exchange rate at that date. 
   Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are not retranslated at the end of the 
reporting date, except for those that are measured at fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at the 
exchange rate at the date that the fair value was determined. 
   Foreign currency differences arising on retranslation are recognised in the profit or loss, except for differences 
arising on the retranslation of equity instruments where they are measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income or a financial instrument designated as a cash flow hedge, which are recognised in other 
comprehensive income. 
   In the consolidated financial statements, when settlement of a monetary item receivable from or payable to 
a foreign operation is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future, foreign exchange gains and 
losses arising from such a monetary item are considered to form part of a net investment in a foreign operation 
and are recognised in other comprehensive income, and are presented in the foreign currency translation 
reserve (“FCTR”) in equity.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 217 ---
P . 215
Annual Report 2024
24. Financial Instruments (continued)
24.6 Market Risk (continued)
  24.6.2 Interest Rate Risk
   Interest rate risk comprises interest price risk that results from borrowings at fixed rates and interest cash flow 
risk that results from borrowings at variable rates. Short-term receivables and payables are not significantly 
exposed to interest rate risk.
   The objectives of the Group’s interest rate risk management policy are to lessen the impact of adverse interest 
rate movements on earnings, cash flow and economic value of the Group. As at the statement of financial 
position date, there were no open interest rate swap contracts. Borrowings issued at floating rates expose the 
Group to risk of change in cash flows due to change in interest rate risks. The Group has floating rate borrowings 
as disclosed in Note 19.
   Exposure to interest rate risk
   The interest rate profile of the Group’s and the Company’s significant interest-bearing financial instruments, 
based on carrying amounts as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Fixed rate instruments
Financial liabilities 37 ,773 48,665 9,303 13,922
Floating rate instruments
Financial liabilities 558,000 543,000 - -
 
   Cash flow sensitivity analysis for variable rate instruments
   A change of 100 basis point (“bp”) in interest rates at the end of reporting period would have increased/
(decreased) equity and pre-tax profit by the amounts shown below:
2024 2023
Group Profit or loss Profit or loss
100 bp 
increase
RM’000
100 bp 
decrease
RM’000
100 bp 
increase
RM’000
100 bp 
decrease
RM’000
Floating rate instruments (5,580) 5,580 (5,430) 5,430
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 218 ---
P . 216
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
24. Financial Instruments (continued)
24.7 Fair Value Information
 The carrying amounts of cash and bank balances, short-term receivables and payables and borrowings reasonably 
approximate their fair values due to the relatively short-term nature of these financial instruments. Accordingly, the fair 
values and fair value hierarchy levels have not been presented for these instruments.
 The Group measures its forward foreign exchange contracts (cash flow hedges) at fair values, as disclosed in Note 
20. The fair values of forward foreign exchange contracts are determined based on the quoted market price of similar 
derivatives, as they are not traded on an active market. These derivatives are classified as Level 2 financial instruments.
 The Group measures the fair values of its borrowings based on observable yield curves. The fair value of the Group’s 
financial assets and financial liabilities approximate to their carrying value.
 The Group or the Company applies settlement date accounting for regular way purchase or sale of financial assets.
 Material accounting policy information
 Fair value of an asset or a liability, except for share-based payment and lease transactions, is determined as the 
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market 
participants at the measurement date. The measurement assumes that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer 
the liability takes place either in the principal market or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous 
market. 
 For non-financial asset, the fair value measurement takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate 
economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would 
use the asset in its highest and best use.
 
 When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses observable market data as far as possible.  
Fair value are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the input used in the valuation technique 
as follows:
  Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can access at the 
measurement date.
  Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either 
directly or indirectly.
  Level 3: unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
 The Group recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy as of the date of the event or change in 
circumstances that caused the transfers.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 219 ---
P . 217
Annual Report 2024
25. Capital Management
 The Group’s objectives when managing capital is to maintain a strong capital base and safeguard the Group’s ability to 
continue as a going concern, so as to maintain investor, creditor and market confidence and to sustain future development 
of the business. The Directors monitor and are determined to maintain an optimal debt-to-equity ratio.
 The Group defines capital as net debt and equity. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings less cash and bank balances. The 
debt-to-equity ratios at 31 December 2024 and at 31 December 2023 were as follows:
Group
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Total borrowings (Note 19) 558,000 543,000
Less: Cash and bank balances (35,385) (27 ,849)
Net debt 522,615 515,151
Total equity 387 ,937 377 ,559
Debt-to-equity ratio 1.3 1.4
 There was no change in the Group’s approach to capital management during the financial year.
26. Capital Commitments
 The Group and the Company have no capital commitments as at 31 December 2024.
27 . Related Parties
 Identity of Related Parties
 For the purposes of these financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the Group if the Group or the Company 
has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the party or exercise significant influence over the party in making financial 
and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group or the Company and the party are subject to common control or 
common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals or other entities.
 Related parties also include key management personnel defined as those persons having authority and responsibility for 
planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group either directly or indirectly. The key management personnel 
include all the Directors of the Group. The Directors’ remuneration paid is disclosed in Note 5. 
 The Group has related party relationship with its holding company, subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries and key management 
personnel.
 Significant Related Party Transactions
 The Group’s and the Company’s transactions are with member corporations of British American Tobacco p.l.c. (British 
American Tobacco p.l.c. indirectly through British American Tobacco Holdings (Malaysia) B.V., owns fifty percent equity 
interest in the Company and is the Company’s ultimate holding company).
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 220 ---
P . 218
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
27 . Related Parties (continued)
 Significant Related Party Transactions (continued)
 The significant related party transactions of the Group and of the Company are shown below. The balances related to the 
transactions below are shown in Note 16 and Note 18.
Group
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
(i)  Purchase of goods
  Purchase of leaf, cigarette packaging and wrapping materials and tobacco products from:
  - PT Bentoel Prima 173,466 149,483
  Purchase of vapour and tobacco heating products from:
  - Nicoventures Trading Limited 21,936 59,397
(ii) Procurement of services
  Procurement of information technology services from:
  - British American Shared Services (GSD) Limited 19,968 18,556
(iii) Technical and advisory (includes share-based payment charges)
  Payment for technical and advisory support services to:
  - British American Tobacco Investments Ltd. 13,795 13,134
  - BAT Aspac Service Centre Sdn. Bhd. 18,133 18,845
  - BAT South East Asia Pty Ltd 23,171 2 7, 3 79
55,099 59,358
(iv) Royalties
  Royalties paid/payable to:
  - British American Tobacco Exports Limited 74,578 73,037
 
Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
(i)  Management fee
  Management fee received from:
  - Commercial Marketers and Distributors Sdn. Bhd. 4,756 2,795
  - Tobacco Importers and Manufacturers Sdn. Berhad 113 123
4,869 2,918
(ii) Fee for usage of property, plant and equipment
  Fee for usage of property, plant and equipment received from:
  - Commercial Marketers and Distributors Sdn. Bhd. - 2,009
  - Tobacco Importers and Manufacturers Sdn. Berhad - 59
- 2,068
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 221 ---
P . 219
Annual Report 2024
27 . Related Parties (continued)
 Significant Related Party Transactions (continued)
Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
(iii) Technical and advisory
  Provision of technical and advisory fees received from:
  - British American Tobacco Sales & Marketing (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. 644 916
(iv) Technical and advisory
  Payment of fees for technical and advisory support services to:
  - BAT Aspac Service Centre Sdn. Bhd. 7 ,021 13,309
(v) Interest expense
  Interest expense on cash pooling:
  - Commercial Marketers and Distributors Sdn. Bhd. 5,777 6,437
  - Tobacco Importers and Manufacturers Sdn. Berhad 1,875 1,429
7,6 5 2 7 ,866
28. Contingent liabilities
 There were no contingent liabilities as at the reporting date.
 Material accounting policy information
 Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated reliably, 
the obligation is not recognised in the statement of financial position and is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the 
probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability 
of outflow of economic benefits is remote.
Notes to the Financial Statements

--- Page 222 ---
P . 220
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
In the opinion of the Directors, the financial statements set out on pages 153 to 219 are drawn up in accordance with MFRS 
Accounting Standards as issued by the Malaysian Accounting Standards Board, IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board and the requirements of Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia so as to give a true and fair 
view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as of 31 December 2024 and of their financial performance and cash 
flows for the financial year then ended.
Signed on behalf of the Board of Directors in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors:
Nedal Louay Salem  Adrian Lee Peng Yong
Director Director
Kuala Lumpur
Date: 25 February 2025 
Statement by Directors
pursuant to Section 251(2) of the Companies Act 2016

--- Page 223 ---
P . 221
Annual Report 2024
I, Adrian Lee Peng Yong, the Director primarily responsible for the financial management of British American Tobacco (Malaysia) 
Berhad, do solemnly and sincerely declare that the financial statements set out on pages 153 to 219 are, to the best of my knowledge 
and belief, correct and I make this solemn declaration conscientiously believing the declaration to be true, and by virtue of the 
Statutory Declarations Act, 1960.
Subscribed and solemnly declared by the abovenamed Adrian Lee Peng Yong, Passport: K3513513A, at Kuala Lumpur in the State 
of Federal Territory on 25 February 2025.
Adrian Lee Peng Yong
Director
Before me:
Commissioner for Oaths
Statutory Declaration
pursuant to Section 251(1)(b) of the Companies Act 2016

--- Page 224 ---
P . 222
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad, which comprise the statements of 
financial position as at 31 December 2024 of the Group and of the Company, and the statements of profit or loss, statements of 
other comprehensive income, statements of changes in equity and statements of cash flows of the Group and of the Company for 
the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policy information, as set out on pages 
153 to 219. 
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the 
Company as at 31 December 2024, and of their financial performance and their cash flows for the year then ended in accordance 
with MFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Malaysian Accounting Standards Board (“MFRS Accounting Standards”), 
IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IFRS Accounting Standards) and the 
requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing. 
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial 
Statements section of our auditors’ report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinion.
Independence and Other Ethical Responsibilities
We are independent of the Group and of the Company in accordance with the By-Laws (on Professional Ethics, Conduct and 
Practice) of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants (“By-Laws”) and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ 
International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (“IESBA Code”), and 
we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the By-Laws and the IESBA Code.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial 
statements of the Group and of the Company for the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of 
the financial statements of the Group and of the Company as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide 
a separate opinion on these matters.
Goodwill - Assessment of potential impairment
Refer to Note 12 – Goodwill.
The key audit matter
The carrying amount of the Group’s goodwill as at 31 December 2024 amounts to RM411,618,000.
The Group performs annual impairment assessment of its goodwill with indefinite useful life by comparing the carrying amount of 
the goodwill against the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which the goodwill is allocated. The recoverable amount 
is determined based on management estimates and assumptions on inputs, as disclosed in Note 12 to the financial statements.
Independent Auditors’ Report 
to the members of British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
(Registration No. 196101000326 (4372-M)) (Incorporated in Malaysia)

--- Page 225 ---
P . 223
Annual Report 2024
Key Audit Matters (continued)
The key audit matter (continued)
We have identified goodwill assessment as a key audit matter for the Group because:
• the carrying amount is significant to the Group’s total assets; and
• there is significant judgement involved in the forecasting and discounting of future cash flows, which is the basis of the 
Group’s assessment of the recoverable amount of the goodwill.
How the matter was addressed in our audit
We performed the following audit procedures:
• Compared prior year cash flow forecasts to current year actual results to assess the performance of the business and the 
reliability of prior year’s forecasts; and
• Tested the assumptions and basis used. To do this, we:
• involved our internal valuation specialists to evaluate and compare the discount rate to similar companies in the market.
• compared the key assumptions to externally derived data as well as our own assessments of the key inputs such as 
revenue, volume growth, terminal growth rate and discount rate.
• assessed the sensitivity of the outcome of the impairment assessment to changes in key assumptions.
We have determined that there are no key audit matters in the audit of the separate financial statements of the Company to 
communicate in our auditors’ report.
Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditors’ Report Thereon
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included 
in the Directors’ Report and Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control, but does not include the financial statements of 
the Group and of the Company and our auditors’ report thereon, which we obtained prior to the date of this auditors’ report, and 
the remaining parts of the annual report, which are expected to be made available to us after that date.
Our opinion on the financial statements of the Group and of the Company does not cover the other information and we do not and 
will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, our responsibility is to read the other 
information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial 
statements of the Group and of the Company or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially 
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditors' 
report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have 
nothing to report in this regard.
When we read the remaining parts of the annual report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are 
required to communicate the matter to the Directors of the Company and take appropriate actions in accordance with approved 
standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing.
Independent Auditors’ Report to the members of British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
(Registration No. 196101000326 (4372-M)) (Incorporated in Malaysia)

--- Page 226 ---
P . 224
07 . Financial Performance01 02 03 04 05 06 08 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Statements
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of financial statements of the Group and of the Company that 
give a true and fair view in accordance with MFRS Accounting Standards, IFRS Accounting Standards and the requirements 
of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia. The Directors are also responsible for such internal control as the Directors determine 
is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements of the Group and of the Company that are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, the Directors are responsible for assessing the ability of 
the Group and of the Company to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and 
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or the Company or to cease 
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements of the Group and of the Company as 
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with 
approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing will always detect a material misstatement 
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they 
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing, we 
exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is 
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or 
the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in 
the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the internal control of the Group 
and of the Company. 
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the Directors.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on 
the ability of the Group or of the Company to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, 
we are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in the financial statements of the Group 
and of the Company or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit 
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group or the 
Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, 
including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements of the Group and of the Company represent the underlying 
transactions and events in a manner that gives a true and fair view.
Independent Auditors’ Report to the members of British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
(Registration No. 196101000326 (4372-M)) (Incorporated in Malaysia)

--- Page 227 ---
P . 225
Annual Report 2024
Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements (continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing, we 
exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also (continued):
• Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the 
entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the financial statements of the Group. We are 
responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain 
solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant 
audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the Directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, 
and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, 
and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied. 
From the matters communicated with the Directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit 
of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company for the current year and are therefore the key audit matters.  
We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, 
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our auditors’ report because the 
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Other Matter
This report is made solely to the members of the Company, as a body, in accordance with Section 266 of the Companies Act 2016 
in Malaysia and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility to any other person for the content of this report.
KPMG PL T Soo Tho Pei Yin
(LLP0010081-LCA & AF 0758) Approval Number: 03699/12/2026 J
Chartered Accountants Chartered Accountant
Petaling Jaya
Date: 25 February 2025
Independent Auditors’ Report to the members of British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
(Registration No. 196101000326 (4372-M)) (Incorporated in Malaysia)

--- Page 228 ---
P . 226
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
08. GRI Standards Index
Statement of Use BAT Malaysia has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024 to with reference 
to the GRI Standards.
GRI 1 Used GRI 1: Foundation 2021
GRI Disclosure GRI Disclosure Description Page Number Remarks/Omissions
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
The Organisation and its Reporting Practices
2-1 Organisational details Pages 8 to 11
2-2 Entities included in the organisation’s sustainability reporting Page 1
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point Page 1
2-4 Restatements of information Pages 20, 22, 23, 
50, 53
2-5 External assurance Pages 21 and 222 
to 225
Activities and Workers
2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships Pages 8 to 11
2-7 Employees Page 70
2-8 Workers who are not employees Page 22
Governance
2-9 Governance structure and composition Pages 110 to 134
2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body Pages 110 to 134
2-11 Chair of the highest governance body Pages 110 to 134
2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts Pages 110 to 134
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts Pages 110 to 134
2-14 Role of the highest governance in sustainability reporting Pages 110 to 134
2-15 Conflicts of interest Pages 110 to 134
2-16 Communication of critical concerns Pages 110 to 134
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body Pages 110 to 134
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body Pages 110 to 134
2-19 Remuneration policies Pages 110 to 134
2-20 Process to determine remuneration Pages 110 to 134
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio Pages 110 to 134
Strategy, Policies and Practices
2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy Pages 18 to 25
2-23 Policy commitments Pages 114 to 133
2-24 Embedding policy commitments Pages 114 to 133
2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts Pages 132 to 133
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns Pages 132 to 133
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations Pages 114 to 133
2-28 Membership associations - • Confederation of Malaysia 
Tobacco Manufacturers 
(CMTM)
• Malaysian International 
Chamber of Commerce and 
Industry (MICCI)
• Federation of Malaysian 
Manufacturers (FMM)
• Institute of Corporate Directors 
(ICDM)
Strategy, Policies and Practices
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement Pages 35 to 36
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements - No employees are covered by 
collective bargaining agreements 
in BAT Malaysia Group.
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
3-1 Process to determine material topics Pages 37 to 38
3-2 List of material topics Page 37
GRI Standards Index

--- Page 229 ---
P . 227
Annual Report 2024
GRI Disclosure GRI Disclosure Description Page Number Remarks/Omissions
ECONOMIC
Management Approach
3-3 Management of Material Topics Pages 28 to 43
201: Economic Performance
3-3 Management of Material Topics Pages 28 to 43
201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed Pages 40 to 43
201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities 
due to climate change
Pages 56 to 62
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligation and other retirement plans - In 2024, BAT Malaysia Group 
maintained its employer 
contribution for the Employees 
Provident Fund (EPF), which 
is 4 percent higher than 
the mandatory employer 
contribution. This involves 12 
percent for salaries more than 
RM5,000 and 13 percent for 
salaries less than RM5,000. In 
total, BAT Malaysia contributed 
16 percent or 17 percent to the 
employees’ EPF.
202: Market Presence
3-3 Management of Material Topics Pages 29 to 32
202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared 
to local minimum wage
- BAT Malaysia Group 
ensures that its workforce 
is compensated above the 
prescribed amount in the 
Minimum Wages Order 2020 
irrespective of gender or 
location.
202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from local 
community
- In 2024, 14 percent of our senior 
management (Leadership Team) 
were locals.
203: Indirect Economic Impacts
3-3 Management of Material Topics Pages 81 to 93
203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported Pages 81 to 93
203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts Pages 81 to 93
204: Procurement Practices
3-3 Management of Material Topics Page 34
ENVIRONMENTAL
103: Management Approach
3-3 Management of Material Topics Pages 48 to 62
302: Energy
3-3 Management of Material Topics Pages 49 to 51
302-1 Energy Consumption Within the Organisation Pages 49 to 51
302-4 Reduction of Energy Consumption Pages 49 to 51
GRI Standards Index

--- Page 230 ---
P . 228
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
08. GRI Standards Index
GRI Disclosure GRI Disclosure Description Page Number Remarks/Omissions
ENVIRONMENTAL (continued)
303: Water and Effluents 2018
3-3 Management of Material Topics Pages 54 to 55
303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource Pages 54 to 55
303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts Pages 54 to 55
303-3 Water withdrawal Page 55
303-4 Water discharge - Not reported
303-5 Water consumption - Not reported
305: Emissions
3-3 Management of Material Topics Pages 49 to 51
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions Pages 49 to 51
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions Pages 49 to 51
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG Emissions Pages 49 to 51
305-4 GHG Emissions Intensity - Not reported
305-5 Reduction of GHG Emissions Pages 49 to 51
306: Waste 2020
3-3 Management of Material Topics Pages 52 to 53
306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts Pages 52 to 53
306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts Pages 52 to 53
306-3 Waste generated Pages 52 to 53
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal Pages 52 to 53
306-5 Waste directed to disposal Pages 52 to 53
307: Environmental Compliance
307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations Page 53
SOCIAL
Management Approach
3-3 Management of Material Topics Pages 63 to 93
401: Employment
3-3 Management of Material Topics Pages 64 to 77
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover Page 23 and page 72
401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not 
provided to temporary or part-time employees
Page 73
401-3 Parental leave Page 71
GRI Standards Index

--- Page 231 ---
P . 229
Annual Report 2024
GRI Disclosure GRI Disclosure Description Page Number Remarks/Omissions
SOCIAL (continued)
403: Occupational Health and Safety
3-3 Management of Material Topics Pages 79 to 80
403-1 Occupational Health and Safety Management System Pages 79 to 80
403-2 Hazard Identification, Risk Assessment and Incident 
Investigation
Pages 79 to 80
403-4 Worker participation, consultation and communication
on occupational health and safety
Pages 79 to 80
403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety Pages 79 to 80
403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and
safety management system
Pages 79 to 80
403-9 Work-related injuries Page 79
403-10 Work-related ill health Page 79
404: Training and Education
3-3 Management of Material Topics Pages 66 to 68
404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee Page 22
404-2 Programmes for upgrading employee skills and
transition assistance programmes
Pages 66 to 68
404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance
and career development
- 100 percent of our employees 
received regular performance
and career development.
405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity
3-3 Management of Material Topics Pages 69 to 71 
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Page 21
406: Non-Discrimination
406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken Page 70
408: Child Labour
408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents
of child labour
Page 78
409: Forced or Compulsory Labour
409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents
of forced or compulsory labour
Page 78
410: Security Practices
410-1 Security personnel trained in human rights policies or
procedures
- Not reported
411: Incidents of Violations involving Rights of Indigenous Peoples
411-1 Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous
peoples
- Not reported
GRI Standards Index

--- Page 232 ---
P . 230
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 09
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
08. GRI Standards Index
GRI Disclosure GRI Disclosure Description Page Number Remarks/Omissions
SOCIAL (continued)
412: Human Rights Assessment
3-3 Management of Material Topics Page 78
412-1 Operations that have been subjected to human rights
reviews or impact assessments
Page 78
412-2 Employee training on human rights policies or procedures Page 78
413: Local Communities
3-3 Management of Material Topics Pages 81 to 93
413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact
assessments and development programmes
Pages 81 to 93
414: Supplier Social Assessment
3-3 Management of Material Topics Page 78
415: Public Policy
415-1 Political contributions - There were no political 
contributions made by BAT 
Malaysia in 2024.
416: Customer Health and Safety
416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product
and service categories
- 100 percent of our tobacco 
products are assessed to ensure 
compliance to the emission 
standard for cigarette as provided 
under the Control of Tobacco 
Product Regulations (CTPR).
416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and
safety impacts of products and services
- There were zero incidents of 
non-compliance concerning the
health and safety impacts or 
products and services.
418: Customer Privacy
418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of
customer privacy and losses of customer data
- There were no substantiated 
complaints concerning breaches 
of customer privacy and losses of 
customer data in 2024.
GOVERNANCE
Management Approach
3-3 Management of Material Topics Pages 102 to 134
205: Anti-Corruption
205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption 
policies and procedures
Page 95 100 percent of our employees 
completed the Anti-Bribery 
and Corruption e-module, 
which is mandatory and part 
of our Standards of Business 
Conduct. Our Anti-Bribery 
and Corruption policies and 
procedures are communicated 
to all our employees across all 
employment categories via 
email as well as the Standards of 
Business Conduct.
205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken Page 21 There were zero confirmed 
incidents of corruption and 
actions taken in 2024.
206: Anti-Competitive Behaviour
206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behaviour, anti-trust 
and monopoly practices
- There was no legal action taken 
against BAT Malaysia for anti-
competitive behaviour, anti-trust 
or monopoly practices in 2024.
GRI Standards Index

--- Page 233 ---
P . 231
Annual Report 2024
Corporate Information
  Board of Directors
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Dr. Aseh bin Haji Che Mat
PSM, SPSK, SSAP , SPTJ, SPDK, DPCM, DSAP , DIMP , KMN, AMN
Independent Non-Executive Director
(Chairman)
Dato’ Chan Choon Ngai
DSNS
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
Eric Ooi Lip Aun
Independent Non-Executive Director
Norliza binti Kamaruddin
Independent Non-Executive Director
Datuk Christine Lee Oi Kuan
DPSM
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
Nedal Louay Salem
Non-Independent Executive Director
(Managing Director)
Adrian Lee Peng Yong
Non-Independent Executive Director
(Finance Director)
  Company Secretary
Adiel Emir Ikram Aziz Al Rahim
(SSM Practicing Certificate No: 202208000613)
(LS0010638)
Tel : +60 (3) 2720 8188
Fax : +60 (3) 2720 8106
Email : adiel_emir_ikram_aziz_al_rahim@bat.com
  Registered Office
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
[Registration No: 196101000326 (4372-M)]
Level 19, Guoco Tower
Damansara City
No. 6, Jalan Damanlela
Bukit Damansara
50490 Kuala Lumpur
Tel : +60 (3) 2720 8188
Fax : +60 (3) 2720 8106
Email : bat_malaysia@bat.com
  Company Website
www.batmalaysia.com
  Share Registrar
Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd
[Registration No: 197101000970 (11324-H)]
Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A
Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3
Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi
59200 Kuala Lumpur
Tel : +60 (3) 2783 9299
Fax : +60 (3) 2783 9222
Email : Mohamad.Hifzul@vistra.com;
  nazrul.darwin@vistra.com;
  siti.zalina@vistra.com
  Auditors
KPMG PL T
[Firm No: LLP0010081-LCA & AF 0758]
Chartered Accountants
Level 10, KPMG Tower
8, First Avenue
Bandar Utama
47800 Petaling Jaya
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Tel : +60 (3)7721 3388
Fax : +60 (3)7721 3399
  Principal Bankers
1. Citibank Berhad
 [Registration No: 199401011410 (297089-M)]
2. Malayan Banking Berhad
 [Registration No: 196001000142 (3813-K)]
3. Deutsche Bank (Malaysia) Berhad
 [Registration No: 199401026871 (312552-W)]
4. Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation Malaysia Berhad
 [Registration No: 201001042446 (926374-U)]
  Stock Exchange Listing
Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad
Listed Since : 27 October 1961
Stock Code : 4162
Stock Name : BAT

--- Page 234 ---
P . 232
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
09. Other Information
Corporate Directory
PRINCIPAL OFFICES
BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO
(MALAYSIA) BERHAD
[Registration No. 196101000326 (4372-M)]
Head Office
Level 19, Guoco Tower
No. 6, Jalan Damanlela
Bukit Damansara
50490 Kuala Lumpur
Tel : +60(3) 2720 8188
Fax : +60(3) 2720 8106
TOBACCO IMPORTERS AND
MANUFACTURERS SDN. BHD.
[Registration No. 196101000373 (4414-U)]
Level 19, Guoco Tower
No. 6, Jalan Damanlela
Bukit Damansara
50490 Kuala Lumpur
Tel : +60(3) 2720 8188
Fax : +60(3) 2720 8106
COMMERCIAL MARKETERS AND
DISTRIBUTORS SDN. BHD.
[Registration No. 197801005300 (42316-T)]
Level 19, Guoco Tower
No. 6, Jalan Damanlela
Bukit Damansara
50490 Kuala Lumpur
Tel : +60(3) 2720 8188
Fax : +60(3) 2720 8106
MANUFACTURING PLANT
TOBACCO IMPORTERS AND 
MANUFACTURERS SDN. BHD.
[Registration No. 196101000373 (4414-U)]
No. 4, Jalan Teknologi Perintis 1/2
Taman Teknologi Nusajaya
79250 lskandar Puteri
Johor Darul Takzim
Tel : +60(7) 869 1686
Fax : +60(7) 869 1678
BRANCH OFFICES
SELANGOR
Level 10, Guoco Tower
No. 6, Jalan Damanlela
Bukit Damansara
50490 Kuala Lumpur
Tel : +60(3) 2720 8211
KUALA LUMPUR
Level 10, Guoco Tower
No. 6, Jalan Damanlela
Bukit Damansara
50490 Kuala Lumpur
Tel : +60(3) 2720 8210
SEREMBAN
No. 305, Jalan Pusat Perdagangan
Sendayan 3/6
Pusat Perdagangan
Sendayan
71950 Seremban
Negeri Sembilan
IPOH
No. 1, Jalan Abdul Manap
Taman Eden
30200 Ipoh, Perak
Tel : +60(5) 525 1981
PENANG
Level 5, Wisma Leader
No. 8, Jalan Larut
10050 Penang
Tel : +60(4) 287 4990
ALOR SETAR
No. 238, Jalan Kristal 3
Taman Perindustrian Ringan Kristal
05150 Alor Setar, Kedah
Tel : +60(4) 737 2072
MELAKA
No. 12, Jalan Abadi 3
Taman Malim Jaya
75250 Melaka
Tel : +60(6) 337 6593
   +60(6) 332 9236
JOHOR BAHRU
No 10 & 12, Jalan Roda 3
Skudai 81300
Johor Bahru, Johor
Tel : +60(7) 511 6141
   +60(7) 511 2754
BATU PAHAT
No. 9, Jalan Komercial Pantai 1
Pusat Komercial Pantai
81300, Batu Pahat, Johor
KUANTAN
Level 5-A, Menara Zenith
Jalan Putra Square 6
Putra Square
25200 Kuantan, Pahang
Tel : +60(9) 573 7831 / 8373
Fax : +60(9) 573 3484
KOTA BHARU
AG-01-15, Alwaqf Garden
Boulevard @ Tunjong
Jalan Kuala Krai
16010 Kota Bharu, Kelantan
Tel : +60(9) 740 6532
KOTA KINABALU
Lot L180-101/000
Block A, HSK Industrial Centre
Jalan Bundusan
Mile 5 Off Jalan Penampang
89500 Kota Kinabalu, Sabah
Tel : +60(88) 722 628 / 629
KUCHING
No. 19-A, Lot 3439, Block 12
Vista Industrial Park
Muara Tebas Land District
Off Jalan Setia Raja
93350 Kuching, Sarawak
Tel : +60(82) 362 112

--- Page 235 ---
P . 233
Annual Report 2024
The total number of issued shares of the Company stands at 285,530,000 ordinary shares, with voting right of one vote per ordinary share.
Distribution of Shareholdings
Size of Shareholdings
No. of
Shareholders
% of
Shareholders
No. of
Shares Held
% of
Issued Shares
1 - 99 1,105 6.486 10,067 0.003
100 - 1,000 7,417 43.537 4,411,195 1.544
1,001 - 10,000 6,972 40.925 26,116,866 9.146
10,001 - 100,000 1,410 8.276 37,656,200 13.188
100,001 - 14,276,499 * 131 0.768 74,570,572 26.116
14,276,500 and above ** 1 0.005 142,765,100 50.000
Total 17,036 100.00 285,530,000 100.00
Notes:
* Less than 5% of issued shares
** 5% and above of issued shares
Substantial Shareholders
(As per Register of Substantial Shareholders)
Direct Interest Indirect Interest
No. Name
No. of
Shares Held
% of
Shareholders
No. of
Shares Held
% of
Shareholders
1. British American Tobacco p.l.c. - - 142,765,100 50.00
2. British American Tobacco (1998) Limited - - 142,765,100 50.00
3. British American Tobacco (2012) Limited - - 142,765,100 50.00
4. British American Tobacco (2009) Limited - - 142,765,100 50.00
5. Weston (2009) Limited - - 142,765,100 50.00
6. Weston Investment Company Limited - - 142,765,100 50.00
7. British American Tobacco International (Holdings) B.V. - - 142,765,100 50.00
8. British American Tobacco Holdings (The Netherlands) B.V. - - 142,765,100 50.00
9. Allen & Ginter (UK) Limited - - 142,765,100 50.00
10. Chelwood Trading & Investment Company Limited - - 142,765,100 50.00
11. B.A.T. Industries p.l.c. - - 142,765,100 50.00
12. British-American Tobacco (Holdings) Limited - - 142,765,100 50.00
13. British American Tobacco Exports Limited - - 142,765,100 50.00
14. British American Tobacco Holdings (Malaysia) B.V. 142,765,100 50.00 - -
Analysis of Shareholdings
as at 28 February 2025

--- Page 236 ---
P . 234
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
09. Other Information
Directors' Direct and Indirect Interests in the Company and its Related Corporations
(As per Register of Directors' Shareholdings)
Number of ordinary shares
Interest in the Company Direct Interest Indirect Interest
No. Name
No. of 
Shares Held
% of
Issued Shares
No. of 
Shares Held
% of
Issued Shares
1. Dato' Chan Choon Ngai 1,000  0.00* - -
2. Datuk Lee Oi Kuan 100  0.00* - -
Interest in the Ultimate Holding Company
Number of ordinary shares in
British American Tobacco p.l.c
British American Tobacco p.l.c. Direct Interest Indirect Interest
No. Name
No. of 
Shares Held
% of
Issued Shares
No. of 
Shares Held
% of
Issued Shares
1. Datuk Lee Oi Kuan 40,629 0.00* - - 
2. Nedal Louay Salem 62,000 0.00* - - 
3. Adrian Lee Peng Yong 2,191 0.00* - - 
Note:
* Less than 0.01%
Interest in the Ultimate Holding Company
British American Tobacco p.l.c.
Number of ordinary shares of 25p each in
British American Tobacco p.l.c.
Deferred Share Bonus Scheme & International Share Reward Scheme Direct Interest
No. Name No. of Shares Held
1. Nedal Louay Salem 6,254
2. Adrian Lee Peng Yong 2,404
Interest in the Ultimate Holding Company
British American Tobacco p.l.c.
Number of options in ordinary shares of 25p each in 
British American Tobacco p.l.c.
Long Term Incentive Plan (L TIP) Direct Interest
No. Name No. of Options Held
1. Nedal Louay Salem
L TIP (25 March 2032) 7,146
L TIP (22 March 2033) 8,372
L TIP (20 March 2034) 11,722
2. Adrian Lee Peng Yong  
L TIP  (20 March 2034) 671
Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors of the Company has any direct or indirect interest in the Company and its related 
corporations.
Analysis of Shareholdings
as at 28 February 2025

--- Page 237 ---
P . 235
Annual Report 2024
Analysis of Shareholdings
as at 28 February 2025
List of Top Thirty Largest Shareholders
(without aggregating the securities from different securities accounts belonging to the same Registered Holder)
No. Name No. of
Shares Held
% of
Issued Shares
1. British American Tobacco Holdings (Malaysia) B.V. 142,765,100 50.000
2. Cartaban Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
 Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited for Tan Yu Yeh
8,890,000 3.113
3. DB (Malaysia) Nominee (Tempatan) Sendirian Berhad
 Exempt An for Deutsche Bank AG Singapore (Maybank SG PWM)
5,031,700 1.762
4. Kam Loong Mining Sdn Bhd 4,550,000 1.593
5. Yap Ah Fatt 4,025,000 1.409
6. Toh Ean Hai 3,580,000 1.253
7. HSBC Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
 HSBC (M) Trustee Bhd for Allianz Life Insurance Malaysia Berhad (MEF)
2,679,800 0.938
8. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
 JPMCB NA for Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund
2,123,069 0.743
9. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
 JPMCB NA for Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund
1,933,234 0.677
10. Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
 Great Eastern Life Assurance (Malaysia) Berhad (SHF)
1,900,000 0.665
11. DB (Malaysia) Nominee (Asing) Sdn Bhd
 Exempt An for State Street Bank & Trust Company (West CL T OD67)
1,787,744 0.626
12. Kam Loong Credit Sdn Bhd 1,304,000 0.456
13. Foo Khen Ling 1,200,000 0.420
14. HLB Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
 Pledged Securities Account for Woon Chuan Keong
1,179,000 0.412
15. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
 JPMCB NA for Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company
 Institutional Total International Stock Market Index Trust II
994,900 0.348
16. CIMSEC Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
 Exempt An for CIMB Commerce Trustee Berhad for Pearson Trust (PB)
975,200 0.341
1 7. Tan Yu Yeh 912,300 0.319
18. UOB Kay Hian Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
 Exempt An for UOB Kay Hian Pte Ltd (A/C Clients)
889,968 0.311
19. Cartaban Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
 Exempt An for Standard Chartered Bank Singapore Branch (SG PVB CL AC)
865,900 0.303

--- Page 238 ---
P . 236
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
09. Other Information
Analysis of Shareholdings
as at 28 February 2025
No. Name No. of
Shares Held
% of
Issued Shares
20. Goh Hian Chew 845,200 0.296
21. AmSec Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
 AmBank (M) Berhad for Lim Choo Hong (5682-1502)
810,000 0.283
22. HLB Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
 Pledged Securities Account for Toh Hooi Hak
687,100 0.240
23. HSBC Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
 HSBC (M) Trustee Bhd for Allianz Life Insurance Malaysia Berhad (P)
651,000 0.227
24. CIMSEC Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
 CIMB For Yen Woon @ Low Sau Chee (PB)
617,700 0.216
25. Lim Sew Muei 615,300 0.215
26. Woon Chuan Keong 615,000 0.215
2 7. Woon Yin Shan 589,000 0.206
28. HSBC Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
 HSBC (M) Trustee Bhd for Allianz Life Insurance Malaysia Berhad (ULIFE)
572,800 0.200
29. Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
 UBS AG Singapore for Mr D.I. Y Holdings (M) Sdn Bhd
557,100 0.195
30. Tee Chee Chong 550,000 0.192
Total 194,697,115 68.187
List of Top Thirty Largest Shareholders
(without aggregating the securities from different securities accounts belonging to the same Registered Holder)

--- Page 239 ---
P . 237
Annual Report 2024
Notice of Annual General Meeting
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Sixty-Fourth (64 th) Annual General Meeting (AGM  or Meeting) of British American Tobacco  
(Malaysia) Berhad (the Company) will be held at Connexion Conference & Event Centre, Nexus 2 & 3, Level 3A, Nexus, Bangsar South City, 
No. 7 , Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur on Tuesday, 29 April 2025 at 9.30 a.m. for the following purposes:
AGENDA
AS ORDINARY BUSINESS
1.
 T
o receive the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 and the Reports 
of the Directors and Auditors thereon.
 Please r
efer to Explanatory Note 10 (Note A)
2.
 T
o re-elect the following Directors, each whom retires pursuant to Clause 109.1 of the Constitution of the 
Company:
i.
 Nedal L
ouay Salem
ii.
 Datuk Christine L
ee Oi Kuan
 Please r
efer to Explanatory Note 10
3.
 T
o re-elect Adrian Lee Peng Yong, who retires as Director pursuant to Clause 115 of the Constitution of the 
Company.
 Please r
efer to Explanatory Note 10
4.
 T
o approve the payment of Directors’ fees and Board Committees’ fees to the Non-Executive Directors for 
the period commencing 30 April 2025 until the next AGM of the Company.
 Please r
efer to Explanatory Note 10
5.
 T
o approve the payment of Directors’ benefits to the Non-Executive Directors of up to RM250,000 for the 
period commencing 30 April 2025 until the next AGM of the Company.
 Please r
efer to Explanatory Note 10
6.
 T
o re-appoint KPMG PL T as the Auditors of the Company for the financial year ending 31 December 2025 
and to authorise the Directors to fix their remuneration.
AS SPECIAL BUSINESS
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following Ordinary Resolution:
7.
 P
roposed Renewal of Shareholders' Mandate for the Company and its Subsidiaries to enter into 
Recurrent Related Party Transactions of a Revenue or Trading Nature with Related Parties (Proposed 
Renewal of the Recurrent RPTs Mandate)
 “
THAT, the Recurrent RPTs Mandate (as defined in the Circular to Shareholders dated 28 March 2025) 
granted by the shareholders of the Company authorising the Company and/or its Subsidiaries (British 
American Tobacco Malaysia Group) to enter into the recurrent related party transactions of a revenue or 
trading nature (Recurrent RPTs) with Related Parties (as defined in the Main Market Listing Requirements 
of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad) as set out in Paragraph 2.2 and Appendix II of the Circular to 
Shareholders dated 28 March 2025 which are necessary for British American Tobacco Malaysia Group’s 
day-to-day operations, be and is hereby renewed and approved, provided that:
Ordinary Resolution 1
Ordinary Resolution 2
Ordinary Resolution 3
Ordinary Resolution 4
Ordinary Resolution 5
Ordinary Resolution 6
Ordinary Resolution 7

--- Page 240 ---
P . 238
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
09. Other Information
Notice of Annual General Meeting
i. the transactions ar e in the ordinary course of business and are on normal commercial terms which 
are not more favourable to the Related Parties than those generally available to the public and are not 
to the detriment of the minority shareholders to the Company; and
ii.
 disclosur
e of the aggregate value of the transactions conducted during a financial year will be made 
in the annual report for the said financial year,
AND THAT the authority conferred by such renewed mandate shall continue to be in force until:
i.
 the 
conclusion of the next AGM of the Company following the AGM at which the Proposed Renewal 
of the Recurrent RPTs Mandate is approved, at which time it will lapse, unless by a resolution passed 
at the next AGM the mandate is renewed.
ii.
 the 
expiration of the period within which the next AGM of the Company after the forthcoming AGM 
is required to be held pursuant to Section 340(2) of the Companies Act, 2016 (but must not extend to 
such extension as may be allowed pursuant to Section 340(4) of the Companies Act, 2016); or
iii.
 r
evoked or varied by resolution passed by the shareholders in general meeting,
whichever is earlier;
 AND 
THAT the Directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised to complete and do all such acts 
and things as they may consider expedient or necessary in the best interest of the Company (including 
executing all such documents as may be required) to give effect to the Proposed Renewal of the Recurrent 
RPTs Mandate.
 AND FURTHER 
THAT, as the estimated values of the Recurrent RPTs given in Appendix II of the Circular to 
Shareholders dated 28 March 2025 are provisional in nature, the Directors of the Company or any of them 
be and are hereby authorised to agree to the actual amount or amounts thereof, provided that such amount 
or amounts comply with the review procedures set out in Paragraph 2.3 of the Circular to Shareholders 
dated 28 March 2025.”
 Please r
efer to Explanatory Note 11
8.
 T
o transact any other business of which due notice shall have been given.
FURTHER NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT for the purpose of determining a member who shall be entitled to attend the 64th AGM, the 
Company shall be requesting Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn Bhd in accordance with Clause 71 of the Constitution and Section 34(1) of 
the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act 1991, to issue a General Meeting Record of Depositors (General Meeting ROD) as at 17 
April 2025. Only a member whose name appears on this General Meeting of ROD shall be entitled to attend the said Meeting or appoint 
proxies to attend and/or vote on his/her behalf.
By Order of the Board
BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO (MALAYSIA) BERHAD
Adiel Emir Ikram Aziz Al Rahim
LS0010638
SSM PC No.: 202208000613
Company Secretary
Kuala Lumpur
28 March 2025

--- Page 241 ---
P . 239
Annual Report 2024
Notice of Annual General Meeting
Notes:
1. The 64th AGM of the Company will be held on a physical mode. All Member(s), proxy(ies), corporate representative(s) or attorney(s) 
who wish to attend the 64th AGM must register as a user via the TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online first and then pre-register 
their attendance through Remote Participation & Voting (RPV) facilities on TIIH Online to verify their eligibility to attend the 64 th 
AGM based on the General Meeting ROD as at 17 April 2025. The RPV pre-registration is open from the date of the Notice of the 64th 
AGM on Friday, 28 March 2025 at 5.00 p.m. and the closing date and time shall be no later than 27 April 2025 at 9.30 a.m. Please refer 
to the Administrative Guide for the full guide of the 64th AGM.
2. Members may submit questions in relation to the agenda items for the 64th AGM prior to the meeting via TIIH Online website at 
https://tiih.online by selecting “e-Services” to login, pose questions and submit electronically no later than 27 April 2025 at 9.30 a.m. 
The responses to these questions will be shared at the 64
th AGM.
3. During the 64th AGM, Members will be able to ask questions using the RPV facilities. Members may use the Query Box facility to ask 
questions real time (in the form of typed text) during the meeting. The Board and leadership team will be in attendance at the AGM 
venue to provide responses accordingly. Please note that no in-person questions will be accepted during the AGM.
4. A member entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting is entitled to appoint not more than two (2) proxies to attend and vote on his/
her behalf. Where a member appoints two (2) proxies, the appointment shall be invalid unless the percentage of the shareholding to 
be represented by each proxy is specified. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.
5. Where a member of the Company is an exempt authorised nominee which holds ordinary shares in the Company for multiple 
beneficial owners in one securities account (Omnibus Account), there is no limit to the number of proxies which the exempt 
authorised nominees may appoint in respect of each Omnibus Account it holds. An exempt authorised nominee refers to an 
authorised nominee defined under the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act 1991 (Central Depositories Act) which is 
exempted from compliance with the provisions of subsection 25A(1) of the Central Depositories Act.
6. The instrument appointing a proxy(ies) must be under the hand of the appointer or of his/her attorney duly authorised in writing. 
Where the instrument appointing a proxy(ies) is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its seal or under the 
hand of any officer or attorney duly authorised.
7 . If there is no indication as to how a member wishes his/her vote to be cast, the proxy will vote or abstain from voting at his/her 
discretion. In the event a member duly executes the proxy form but does not name any proxy, such member shall be deemed to have 
appointed the Chairman of the Meeting as his/her proxy.
8. The proxy form must be duly executed and deposited at the Share Registrar of the Company at Tricor Investor & Issuing House 
Services Sdn Bhd, Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala 
Lumpur or alternatively, via the drop-in box provided at Ground Floor, Vertical Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 
59200 Kuala Lumpur not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting or 
no later than 27 April 2025 at 9.30 a.m. The proxy appointment may also be lodged electronically via Tricor’s TIIH Online website at 
https://tiih.online.
9. Pursuant to Paragraph 8.29A(1) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, all the Resolutions 
set out in this Notice will be put to vote by poll.
10. Explanatory Notes on Ordinary Business
 Note A
 The Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 under Agenda item 1 are meant for discussion only 
in accordance with the provision of Section 340(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 2016, and it does not require a formal approval of the 
shareholders. Hence, this agenda item will not be put forward for voting.

--- Page 242 ---
P . 240
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
09. Other Information
Notice of Annual General Meeting
 Ordinary Resolutions 1 and 2 – To re-elect Nedal Louay Salem and Datuk Christine Lee Oi Kuan as Directors
 Clause 109.1 of the Constitution of the Company states that one-third (1/3) of the Directors shall retire from office and be eligible for 
re-election at the annual general meeting.
 Nedal Louay Salem and Datuk Christine Lee Oi Kuan being eligible, has offered themselves for re-election as Directors at the 64th 
AGM. The Board has endorsed the Nomination and Remuneration Committee’s recommendation on the re-election of the retiring 
Directors. The retiring Directors had abstained from deliberations and decisions on their re-election at the Board meeting.
 The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC) had assessed Nedal Louay Salem and Datuk Christine Lee Oi Kuan and 
considered the retiring Directors’ performance and contribution based on the Board and Directors Effectiveness Evaluation, 
their contribution to the Board deliberations, time commitment and their ability to act in the best interests of the Company in 
decision-making. The NRC also reviewed and assessed Nedal Louay Salem and Datuk Christine Lee Oi Kuan through Fit & Proper 
(F&P) Assessment based on the F&P Policy of the Company. The Board had endorsed the NRC’s recommendation subject to the 
shareholders’ approval at this AGM.
 The details and profiles of Directors who are standing for re-election at the 64
th AGM are provided in the Board of Directors Section 
of the Company’s Annual Report 2024.
 Datuk Christine Lee Oi Kuan who is a shareholder of the Company will abstain from voting on Resolution 2.
 Ordinary Resolution 3 – To re-elect Adrian Lee Peng Yong as Director
 Clause 115 of the Constitution of the Company states that the Directors shall have the power to appoint any person to be a Director, 
either fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the existing Directors and any Director so appointed shall hold office only until the next 
following AGM, and shall then be eligible for re-election.
 Adrian Lee Peng Yong, who was appointed as Director on 1 November 2024, being eligible, has offered himself for re-election as 
Director at the 64
th AGM.
 The NRC had reviewed and assessed Adrian Lee Peng Yong through F&P Assessment based on the F&P Policy of the Company. 
The NRC is also of the view that Adrian Lee Peng would be able to provide valuable contributions to the Company based on his 
qualification, skills and experience. The Board had endorsed the NRC’s recommendation subject to the shareholders’ approval at 
this AGM.
 The details and profiles of Adrian Lee Peng Yong who is standing for re-election at the 64
th AGM is provided in the Directors Profile 
Section of the Company’s Annual Report 2024.
 Ordinary Resolution 4 – Payment of Directors’ fees to the Non-Executive Directors.
 The Company is seeking shareholders’ approval for the payment of Non-Executive Directors’ fees to Non-Executive Directors for the 
period commencing 30 April 2025 until the next AGM of the Company based on the fee structure below.
Structure
Chairman Member
Fee
(RM per annum)
Fee
(RM per annum)
Board of Directors 345,000 100,000
Audit Committee 10,000  -
Nomination and Remuneration Committee 10,000  -
Risk Management Committee 10,000  -
Sustainability Committee 10,000  -

--- Page 243 ---
P . 241
Annual Report 2024
Notice of Annual General Meeting
 Ordinary Resolution 5 – Payment of Non-Executive Directors benefits’ of up to RM250,000
 The Company is seeking shareholders’ approval for the payment of Non-Executive Directors benefits’ of up to RM250,000 for the 
period commencing 30 April 2025 until the next AGM of the Company based on the fee structure below.
Structure
Chairman Member
Allowance
(RM per annum)
Meeting Allowance
(RM per meeting)
Board of Directors 154,092 -
Audit Committee - 1,000
Nomination and Remuneration Committee - 1,000
Risk Management Committee - 1,000
Sustainability Committee - 1,000
 The Non-Executive Directors who are shareholders of the Company will abstain from voting on Resolution 4 and Resolution 5.
 Ordinary Resolution 6 – Re-appointment of Auditors
 The Audit Committee (AC) had undertaken an annual assessment of the external auditors, KPMG PL T on their independence, scope 
of audit, audit fee, expert and experience, performance based on annual audit scope and planning. The AC was satisfied with the 
suitability of KPMG PL T on the quality of audit, performance, competency and sufficiency of resources the external audit team 
provided to the British American Tobacco Malaysia Group.
11. Explanatory Notes on Special Business
 Ordinary Resolution 7 – Proposed Renewal of the Recurrent RPTs Mandate
 The proposed resolution, if passed, will enable British American Tobacco Malaysia Group to enter into the Recurrent RPTs which 
are necessary for the British American Tobacco Malaysia Group’s day-to-day operations, subject to the transactions being in the 
ordinary course of business and on normal commercial terms which are not more favourable to the related parties than those 
generally available to the public and are not to the detriment of the minority shareholders of the Company.
 Further information on the Proposed Renewal of the Recurrent RPTs Mandate is set out in the Circular to Shareholders dated  
28 March 2025, which is available at the Company’s corporate website at www.batmalaysia.com.
12. Personal Data Privacy
 By lodging of a completed proxy form to the Company and the Share Registrar (as the case may be) for appointing a proxy(ies) and/
or representative(s) to attend and vote at the 64
th AGM and any adjournment therefore, a shareholder of the Company and the Share 
Registrar is hereby:
i. consenting to the collection, use and disclosure of the member’s personal data by the Company and to Share Registrar (as 
the case may be) for the purpose of the processing and administration by the Company and the Share Registrar (as the case 
may be) of proxy(ies) and representative(s) appointed for the 64
th AGM (including any adjournment thereof), and in order for 
the Company and the Share Registrar (as the case may be) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/
or guidelines (collectively the Purpose).

--- Page 244 ---
P . 242
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
09. Other Information
There are no Directors standing for election at the forthcoming 64th AGM.
Notice of Annual General Meeting
Statement Accompanying Notice of the 64th AGM
(pursuant to Paragraph 8.27(2) of the Main Market Listing Requirement of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad)
ii. warranting that where the member discloses the personal data of shareholder’s proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to the 
Company and the Share Registrar (as the case may be), the shareholder has obtained to prior consent of such proxy(ies) and/
or representative(s) for the collection, use and disclosure by the Company and the Share Registrar (as the case may be) of the 
personal data of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the Purpose (Warranty); and
iii. agreeing that the member will indemnify the Company and the Share Registrar (as the case may be) in respect of any penalties, 
liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the Shareholder’s breach of Warranty.
 For the Purpose of the paragraph, “personal data” shall have the same meaning given in section 4 of Personal Data Protection Act 
2010.

--- Page 245 ---
P . 243
Annual Report 2024
Administrative Details
for British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Sixty-Fourth (64th) Annual General Meeting (AGM)
Date : Tuesday, 29 April 2025
Time : 9.30 a.m.
Venue : Connexion Conference & Event Centre,
  Nexus 2 & 3, Level 3A, Nexus, Bangsar South City,
  No. 7 , Jalan  Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur
1. Pre-Registration to Attend the 64th  AGM
• The 64th  AGM of the Company will be held on a physical mode. All Member(s), proxy(ies), corporate representative(s) or 
attorney(s) who wish to attend the 64th AGM are required to take the following steps to pre-register yourselves in order to 
participate at the 64th AGM:
Procedure Action
(a) Register as a user
with TIIH Online
• Using your personal mobile device, access the TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online. 
Register as a user under the “e-Services”. Refer to the tutorial guide posted on the 
homepage for assistance.
For individual shareholders:-
- Select “Create Account by Individual Holder”.
- Registration will be verified and you will be notified via email within one (1) to two 
(2) working days.
For corporation or institutional shareholders:-
- The authorised or nominated representative of the corporation or institutional 
shareholder to select “Create Account by Representative of Corporate Holder”.
- Registration will be verified and you will be notified via email within one (1) to two 
(2) working days.
• If you are already a user of TIIH Online, you are not required to sign-up again. 
(Note: Please allow sufficient time for approval of new user of TIIH Online)
(b) Pre-register your 
attendance to 
attend AGM
• Registration is open on Friday, 28 March 2025 at 5.00 p.m. up to Sunday, 27 April 2025 
at 9.30 a.m.
• Login with your user ID and password and select the corporate event: “(REGISTRATION) 
BAT Malaysia 64
th AGM”.
• Read and agree to the Terms & Conditions and confirm the Declaration.
• Select “Register for Physical Attendance at Meeting Venue”.
• Review your registration information and proceed to submit your pre-registration.
• TIIH Online will send an e-mail to notify that your pre-registration for physical 
attendance is received and will be verified.
• Upon system verification of your registration against the General Meeting Record of 
Depositors (General Meeting ROD) as at 17 April 2025, TIIH Online will send you an 
e-mail after 27 April 2025 to confirm your Physical Attendance at the meeting venue.
• In the event you missed the above dateline to register for Physical Attendance, you may 
continue to pre-register as Remote Participation and Voting.

--- Page 246 ---
P . 244
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
09. Other Information
Administrative Details
for British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Sixty-Fourth (64th) Annual General Meeting (AGM)
2. Verification on Meeting Day
• The verification will start at 7 .30 a.m. at Connexion Conference & Event Centre, Nexus 1, Level 3A, Nexus, Bangsar South 
City and the AGM will start at 9.30 a.m. sharp. We strongly encourage you to come early to facilitate and ensure smooth 
verification process. Kindly note that your entry into the AGM Venue shall only be allowed subject to verification of your  
pre-registration of attendance as per above.
• Please do read the signage to ascertain where you should register yourself for the AGM and join the queue accordingly.
• Please do produce your original National Registration Identification Card (NRIC) or valid Passport (collectively referred 
as Identification) at the verification counter for verification purposes. Kindly ensure you collect your Identification upon 
completion. No person will be allowed to verify the attendance on behalf of another person even with the original Identification 
of that other person. Upon verification, you will be given an identification wristband.
• You must wear the identification wristband throughout the AGM. No person will be allowed to enter the AGM venue without 
the identification wristband. There won’t be any replacement in the event that the identification wristband is lost, stolen and/
or misplaced.
3. Login to TIIH Online website during the 64
th AGM
• Members who attend the 64th AGM must ensure their personal mobile devices are connected to either personal network or 
WiFi provided at the AGM venue. Please login to TIIH Online to participate during Questions & Answers and voting sessions. 
The procedures for the RPV facilities are as summarised below:
Procedure Action
(a) Login to TIIH
Online
• Login with your user ID and password to use the Query Box facility to pose questions 
real time (in the form of typed text) during the meeting from 8.30 a.m.
(b) Questions & 
Answers
• Select the corporate event: “(Live Streaming) BAT Malaysia 64th AGM” to access to the 
Query Box.
• All questions to the Chairman/Board of Directors (Board) to be submitted via RPV. 
You may use the Query Box to transmit your question. The Chairman/Board will try to 
respond to questions submitted by you during the 64
th AGM. Any unanswered questions 
received during the Questions & Answers session, the responses will be e-mailed to you 
after the meeting.
Note: No live streaming of AGM will be available upon your login to the above corporate 
event name. The RPV is only to facilitate your submission of questions to Chairman/
Board and the online voting.
(c) Voting • The voting session commences from 9.30 a.m. until a time when the Chairman 
announces the end of the said voting session.
• Select the corporate event: “(Remote Voting) BAT Malaysia 64
th AGM” or if you click 
“Go To Remote Voting Page” below the Query Box.
• Read and agree to the Terms & Conditions and confirm the Declaration.
• Select the Central Depository System (CDS) account that represents your shareholdings.
• Indicate your votes for the resolutions that are tabled for voting.
• Confirm and submit your votes.

--- Page 247 ---
P . 245
Annual Report 2024
Administrative Details
for British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Sixty-Fourth (64th) Annual General Meeting (AGM)
4. Entitlement to Attend and Vote
• Only members whose names appear in the General ROD as on 17 April 2025 at 5.00 p.m. shall be entitled to attend, speak (in 
the form of real time submission of typed texts) and vote at the 64th AGM in respect of the number of shares registered in their 
name at that time.
• If you wish to attend the AGM in person, please do not submit any Proxy Form.
5. Appointment of Proxy(ies) or Corporate Representative(s) or Attorney(s)
• If you are a Member of the Company as on 17 April 2025 as at 5.00 p.m., you are entitled to appoint not more than two (2) 
proxies or the Chairman of the Meeting to exercise all or any of your rights to attend, speak (in the form of real time submission 
of typed texts) and vote at the AGM.
• As the 64
th AGM is a physical AGM, members who are unable to participate in the 64th AGM may appoint the Chairman of the 
Meeting as his/her proxy and indicate the voting instruction in the proxy form.
• The proxy form and/or documents relating to the appointment of proxy(ies) for the 64 th AGM whether in hardcopy or by 
electronic means shall be deposited or submitted in the following manner not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the 
time appointed for the taking of poll or no later than 27 April 2025 at 9.30 a.m.:
i. In hard copy form:
- In the case of an appointment made in hard copy form, the proxy form must be duly executed and deposited with 
Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd, Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, 
Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur or alternatively, via the drop-in box provided at Ground 
Floor, Vertical Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8 Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur.
ii. By electronic form:
- In the case of an appointment made in electronic form, the proxy form can be electronically lodged via TIIH Online. 
Kindly refer to the Procedures for Electronic Submission of Proxy Form in Appendix A.
• Corporate members through corporate representative(s) or nominees companies (through the beneficiary of shares held under 
a nominee company’s CDS account or attorney(s) appointed as power of attorney, who wish to appoint their proxy(ies) or the 
Chairman of the Meeting for the 64
th AGM, shall submit their original/certificate of appointment of corporate representative 
or power of attorney upon request for verification whether in hardcopy or by electronic means, and shall be deposited or 
submitted in the following not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for the taking of poll or no later than 
27 April 2025 at 9.30 a.m.:
i. In hard copy form:
- In the case of an appointment made in hard copy form, the proxy form must be duly executed and deposited with 
Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd, Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, 
Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur or alternatively, via the drop-in box provided at Ground 
Floor, Vertical Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8 Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur.
ii. By electronic form:
- In the case of an appointment made in electronic form, the proxy form can be electronically lodged via TIIH Online. 
Kindly refer to the Procedures for Electronic Submission of Proxy Form in Appendix A.

--- Page 248 ---
P . 246
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
09. Other Information
Administrative Details
for British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Sixty-Fourth (64th) Annual General Meeting (AGM)
6. Revocation of Proxy
• If you wish to appoint a proxy, please note that the proxy may be revoked by:
 a. Attendance of the appointer at the AGM and exercising his/her voting rights at the AGM personally will automatically 
 revoke the proxy;
b. Notice of revocation of the Proxy Form or the authority served by 27 April 2025 at 9.30 a.m.;
c. Appointing new proxy by depositing a new Proxy Form in favour of another person by 27 April 2025 at 9.30 a.m.; or
d. Transfer of shares by the appointer.
 If you have submitted your Proxy Form prior to the AGM and subsequently decide to attend the AGM in person, please proceed to 
the Help Desk counter.
7 . Help Desk
• Please proceed to the Help Desk counter for the following matters:
a. Any enquiry or clarification;
b. To revoke the appointment of your proxy/proxies. Upon your revocation of appointment, your proxy/proxies will not be 
allowed to attend the AGM; or
c. If you require any First Aid assistance once you have entered the AGM Venue.
8. Refreshment
• The Packed Breakfast will be given to all shareholders by way of redemption Breakfast vouchers given during verification.  
The Packed Breakfast including tea or coffee will be made available from 7 .00 a.m. to 9.30 a.m.
• There will be no food served apart from the abovementioned and/or after the AGM.
9. Breakfast Voucher
 
• Upon successful verification, a shareholder/proxy will be given one (1) Breakfast voucher. The collection of the Breakfast 
voucher will be in accordance to the followings:
 
 a. Each individual present as shareholder or proxy(ies) or corporate representative; or representing more than one (1)  
 shareholder is entitled to one (1) Breakfast voucher only.
b. If the proxy(ies) has/have obtained a Breakfast voucher, a shareholder who subsequently decided to attend the AGM in 
person will not be given any Breakfast voucher.
c. If you lose or misplace your Breakfast voucher, you will not be entitled for a replacement.
 
10. Door Gift
 
• A Door Gift will be provided to all shareholders/proxies who have attended the 64
th AGM.
 
• The Door Gift will be distributed to entitled shareholders/proxies within THIRTY (30) working days after the conclusion of 
the 64
th AGM via email registered with TIIH Online.
 
• The Door Gift will be provided in accordance to the followings manner:
 
a. Each individual attended the 64th AGM as shareholder or proxy(ies) or corporate representative; or representing more 
than one (1) shareholder is entitled to one (1) Door Gift only.
b. Additionally, if two (2) proxies represent one (1) shareholder, Door Gift will only be provided to the first (1st) named proxy 
stated in the Proxy Form.
c. If you lose or misplace your Door Gift, you will not be entitled for a replacement.

--- Page 249 ---
P . 247
Annual Report 2024
Administrative Details
for British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Sixty-Fourth (64th) Annual General Meeting (AGM)
11. Submission of Questions to the Board
• The Board recognises that the 64th AGM is a valuable opportunity for the Board to engage with Members. In order to enhance 
the efficiency of the proceedings of the 64th AGM, Members may submit questions in relation to the agenda items for the 64th 
AGM prior to the meeting via TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online by selecting “e-Services” to login, pose questions and 
submit electronically no later than 27 April 2025 at 9.30 a.m. The Board will endeavour to address the questions received at 
the 64th AGM.
• During the 64th AGM, Members will be able to ask questions using the RPV facilities from TIIH Online website at https://tiih.
online. Members may use the Query Box facility to ask questions real time (in the form of typed text) during the meeting. As 
such, all shareholders and proxies attending the 64th AGM are advised to bring their own personal mobile devices in order to 
pose questions via TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online. The Board and leadership team will be in attendance at the AGM 
venue to provide responses accordingly. Please refer to Note 3(b) above on steps for submission of questions.
• Please note that no in-person questions will be accepted during the AGM.
12. Voting Procedure
• Voting at the 64th AGM will be conducted by poll in accordance with Paragraph 8.29A of the main market of Bursa Malaysia 
Securities Berhad Listing Requirement. All attendees at the 64th AGM is advised to bring their own personal devices in order 
to vote via the TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online. Please refer to Note 3(c) above on steps for voting.
• The Company’s Share Registrar, Tricor, is appointed as Poll Administrator to conduct the polling process. An Independent 
Scrutineer is appointed to verify and validate the results of the poll.
13. Integrated Annual Report 2024
• The Integrated Annual Report 2024 is available on Bursa Malaysia’s website at www.bursamalaysia.com under the Company 
Announcements and also at the Company's website at www.batmalaysia.com.
14. No recording or photography
• Strictly NO recording or photography of the proceedings of the 64th AGM is allowed.
15. No Smoking Policy
• A no smoking policy is maintained inside the AGM venue. Your co-operation is much appreciated.
16. Other Meeting Details
• Free WIFI is available at the AGM venue for the convenience of shareholders/proxies.
• Indoor parking is available (subject to availability). Please validate or exchange the parking card at the booth situated in the 
foyer.
17 . Personal Belongings
• Please take care of your personal belongings. The organiser will not be held responsible for any lost item.

--- Page 250 ---
P . 248
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
09. Other Information
Administrative Details
for British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Sixty-Fourth (64th) Annual General Meeting (AGM)
Location map to AGM venue
Connexion Conference & Event Centre
Nexus 2 & 3, Level 3A, Nexus, Bangsar South City, No. 7 , Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur.
18. Enquiry
• If you have general queries prior to the 64th AGM, please contact the following persons during office hours i.e. from 8.30 a.m. 
to 5.30 p.m. (Monday to Friday):
Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd
Registration No. 197101000970 (11324-H)
Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A
Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South
No.8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur.
General Line No.
Fax No.
Email
+60(3) 27839299
+60(3) 27839222
is.enquiry@vistra.com
Mr. Mohamad Hifzul
+60(3) 27839284
Mohamad.Hifzul@vistra.com
Mr. Nazrul Darwin +60(3) 27839246
Nazrul.Darwin@vistra.com
Ms. Siti Zalina +60(3) 27839247
Siti.Zalina@vistra.com

--- Page 251 ---
P . 249
Annual Report 2024
Administrative Details
for British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
Sixty-Fourth (64th) Annual General Meeting (AGM)
Appendix A
Procedures for Electronic Submission of Proxy Form
Appointment of Proxy(ies)/Corporate Representative(s)/Attorney(s)
Procedure Action
BEFORE THE AGM DAY
APPOINTMENT OF PROXY: INDIVIDUAL SHAREHOLDERS
a. Register as a new user 
with TIIH Online
• Using your personal mobile, access TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online.
• Register as a new user under “e-Services”. Refer to the tutorial guide posted on the 
homepage for assistance.
• If you are already a TIIH Online user, you are not required to register again.
b. Proceed with the 
submission of Proxy Form
• After the release of the Notice of meeting by the Company, login with your user ID and 
password.
• Select the corporate event: “BAT Malaysia 64th AGM: Submission of Proxy Form”.
• Read and agree to the “Terms and Conditions” and confirm the “Declaration”.
• Insert the CDS account number and indicate the number of shares for your proxy(ies) to vote 
on your behalf.
• Appoint your proxy(ies) and insert the required details of your proxy(ies) or appoint the 
Chairman of the Meeting as your proxy.
• Indicate your voting instructions – “FOR” or “AGAINST”, otherwise your proxy(ies) will decide 
your vote.
• Review and confirm your proxy(ies) appointment.
• Print the Proxy Form for your record.
BEFORE THE AGM DAY
APPOINTMENT OF PROXY: CORPORATE OR INSTITUTIONAL SHAREHOLDERS
a. Register as a new user 
with TIIH Online website
• Using your computer, access TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online.
• Register as a new user under “e-Services” by selecting “Create Account by Representative 
of Corporate Holder”.
• Please complete the registration form and upload the required documents.
• Your registration will be verified, and you will be notified by email within one (1) to two (2) 
working days.
• Proceed to activate your account with the temporary password given in the email and reset 
your password.
Note: The representative of a corporate or institutional shareholder must register as a user in 
accordance with the above steps before he/she can subscribe to this corporate holder electronic 
proxy submission. Please do contact our Share Registrar if you need clarifications on the user 
registration.
b. Proceed with the 
submission of proxy form
• After the release of the Notice of meeting by the Company, login TIIH Online website at 
https://tiih.online with your user ID and password.
• Select the corporate event: “BAT Malaysia 64th AGM: Submission of Proxy Form”.
• Read and agree to the “Terms and Conditions” and confirm the “Declaration”.
• Proceed to download the file format for the “Submission of Proxy Form” in accordance with 
the Guidance Note set therein.
• Prepare the file for the appointment of proxies by inserting the required data.
• Proceed to upload the duly completed proxy appointment file.
• Select “Submit” to complete your submission.
• Print the confirmation report of your submission for your record.

--- Page 252 ---
This page has been intentionally left blank.

--- Page 253 ---
BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO (MALAYSIA) BERHAD
[Registration No. 196101000326 (4372-M)]
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
PROXY FORM
CDS Account No.
 (Name as per NRIC/Passport/Certificate of Incorporation in Capital Letters)
(Full Address)
(Name as per NRIC/Passport in Capital Letters)
(Name as per NRIC/Passport in Capital Letters)
(Full Address)
(Full Address)
or failing him/her, the Chairman of the Meeting as my/our proxy/proxies to vote for me/us and on my/our behalf at the Sixty-Fourth (64th) 
Annual General Meeting (AGM or Meeting) of the Company, to be held Connexion Conference & Event Centre, Nexus 2 & 3, Level 3A, 
Nexus, Bangsar South City, No. 7 , Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur on Tuesday, 29 April 2025 at 9.30 a.m. and at any adjournment 
thereof.
My/our proxy/proxies shall vote as follows:
(Please indicate with an “X” in the spaces provided below how you wish your votes to be cast on the resolutions specified in the notice of 
meeting.  If you do not do so, your proxy/proxies will vote or abstain as he/she may think fit)
Resolutions For Against
Ordinary
Resolution 1
Re-election of Nedal Louay Salem who retires pursuant to Clause 109.1 of the Constitution of 
the Company.
Ordinary 
Resolution 2
Re-election of Datuk Christine Lee Oi Kuan who retires pursuant to Clause 109.1 of the 
Constitution of the Company.
Ordinary
Resolution 3
Re-election of Adrian Lee Peng Yong who retires pursuant to Clauses 115 of the Constitution 
of the Company.
Ordinary
Resolution 4
Approval of payment of Directors’ fees and Board Committees’ fees to the Non-Executive 
Directors for the period commencing 30 April 2025 until the next AGM of the Company.
Ordinary 
Resolution 5
Approval of payment of Directors’ benefits to the Non-Executive Directors of up to RM250,000 
for the period commencing 30 April 2025 until the next AGM of the Company.
Ordinary
Resolution 6
Re-appointment of KPMG PL T as Auditors of the Company for the financial year ending  
31 December 2025 and to authorise Directors to fix their remuneration.
Ordinary
Resolution 7
Proposed Renewal of the Recurrent Related Party Transactions Mandate.
Dated this day of 2025 For appointment of two proxies, the percentage of  
   shareholdings to be represented by the proxies:
Signature(s) of member(s)/Common Seal
 No. of Shares Percentage
Proxy 1
Proxy 2
TOTAL  100
I/We (NRIC/Passport/Co. No.: )
of
being a member/members of BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO (MALAYSIA) BERHAD (the Company), do hereby appoint
 (NRIC/Passport No.: )
of
and/or failing him/her (NRIC/Passport No.: )
of

--- Page 254 ---
Notes:
1. The 64th AGM of the Company will be held on a physical mode. All Member(s), proxy(ies), 
corporate representative(s) or attorney(s) who wish to attend the 64th AGM must register 
as a user via the TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online first and then pre-register their 
attendance through Remote Participation & Voting (RPV) facilities on TIIH Online to verify 
their eligibility to attend the 64th AGM based on the General Meeting Record of Depositors 
(General Meeting ROD) as at 17 April 2025. The RPV pre-registration is open from the date 
of the Notice of the 64th AGM on Friday, 28 March 2025 at 5.00 p.m.and the closing date and 
time shall be no later than 27 April 2025 at 9.30 a.m. Please refer to the Administrative Guide 
for the full guide of the 64th AGM.
2. Members may submit questions in relation to the agenda items for the 64 th AGM prior 
to the meeting via TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online by selecting “e-Services” to 
login, pose questions and submit electronically no later than 27 April 2025 at 9.30 a.m. The 
responses to these questions will be shared at the 64th AGM.
3. During the 64 th AGM, Members will be able to ask questions using the RPV facilities. 
Members may use the Query Box facility to ask questions real time (in the form of typed 
text) during the meeting. The Board and leadership team will be in attendance at the AGM 
venue to provide responses accordingly. Please note that no in-person questions will be 
accepted during the AGM.
4. A member entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting is entitled to appoint not more than 
two (2) proxies to attend and vote on his/her behalf. Where a member appoints two (2) 
proxies, the appointment shall be invalid unless the percentage of the shareholding to be 
represented by each proxy is specified. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.
5. Where a member of the Company is an exempt authorised nominee that holds ordinary 
shares in the Company for multiple beneficial owners in one securities account (Omnibus 
Account), there is no limit to the number of proxies that the exempt authorised nominees 
may appoint in respect of each Omnibus Account it holds. An exempt authorised nominee 
refers to an authorised nominee defined under the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) 
Act 1991 (Central Depositories Act), which is exempted from compliance with the provisions 
of subsection 25A(1) of the Central Depositories Act.
6. The instrument appointing a proxy(ies) must be under the hand of the appointer or of his/ 
her attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the instrument appointing a proxy(ies) is 
executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its seal or under the hand of 
any officer or attorney duly authorised.
7 . If there is no indication as to how a member wishes his/her vote to be cast, the proxy will 
vote or abstain from voting at his/her discretion. In the event a member duly executes the 
proxy form but does not name any proxy, such member shall be deemed to have appointed 
the Chairman of the Meeting as his/her proxy.
8. The proxy form must be duly executed and deposited at the Registrar of Company at 
Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd, Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, Vertical 
Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Lumpur 
or alternatively, via the drop-in box provided at Ground Floor, Vertical Podium, Avenue 3, 
Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur not less than forty-eight (48) 
hours before the time appointed for the taking of poll or no later than 27 April 2025 at  
9.30 a.m. The proxy appointment may also be lodged electronically via TIIH Online website 
at https://tiih.online.
9. Pursuant to Paragraph 8.29A(1) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia 
Securities Berhad, all the Resolutions set out in this Notice will be put to vote by poll.
10. For the purpose of determining a member who shall be entitled to attend the 64
th AGM, 
the Company shall be requesting Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn Bhd in accordance with 
Clause 71 of the Constitution and Section 34(1) of the Central Depositories Act, to issue a 
General Meeting ROD as at 17 April 2025 shall be entitled to attend the said Meeting or 
appoint proxies to attend and/or vote on his/her behalf.
Please refer to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of the 64
th AGM dated 
28 March 2025.
Please fold here to seal
Please fold here to seal
The Share Registrar
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
[Registration No. 196101000326 (4372-M)]
c/o Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd
[Registration No. 197101000970 (11324-H)]
Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A,
Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South,
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Affix postage
stamp

--- Page 255 ---
British American Tobacco (Malaysia) Berhad
[Registration No. 196101000326 (4372-M)]
Level 19, Guoco Tower, Damansara City
No. 6, Jalan Damanlela, Bukit Damansara
50490 Kuala Lumpur
Tel : +60 (3) 2720 8188
Fax : +60 (3) 2720 8106
https://www.batmalaysia.com/

